{\rtf1\mac\ansicpg10000\cocoartf102
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset77 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10460\viewh12100\viewkind0
\pard\tx1440\tx2880\tx4320\tx5760\tx7200\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 BrowserFile\
	ElementFile\
	FolderFile\
	UnknownFile\
---\
getField(field), where field may be\
	-- any metadata field\
	-- "name"\
	-- "kind"\
	-- "size"\
	-- "modified"\
\
===\
hrm...\
\
Row\
	geticon() -- folder, doc, non-corina doc\
\
	name() -- as string\
		"Today, 10:50 AM"\
		"Yesterday, 5:52 PM"\
		"5/1/02, 10:17 AM"\
	size() -- see exportdialog!\
		"--" instead of null?\
	kind() -- as string?\
	modified() -- as long -- finder-style string?\
\
	load() -- \
	getfield() -- a metadata field, only relevant for elements\
\
	matches(string[]) -- if it's a hit -- this needs to know what columns are visible -- that's ok\
\
===\
next steps:  (n.b., each step includes documentation)\
\
LEVEL 1, BASIC\
	basic browsing, full keyboard navigation.  DONE.\
\
LEVEL 2, METADATA\
	full metadata searching, sorting.  thermometer.  DONE.\
\
LEVEL 3, USABILITY\
	"index many files."  new sample for this site.  context menu.  new folder.  rename.  save visible columns, sorting, etc. in prefs.  select all, or none.  file menu. -- IN PROGRESS\
\
LEVEL 4, PERFORMANCE\
	summary file for metadata -- IN PROGRESS\
\
LEVEL 5, DRAG-N-DROP\
	drag-n-drop.  trash.\
\
LEVEL 6, UNDO\
	undo.  redo.\
\
LEVEL 7, FAVORITES\
	favorites tab.\
\
LEVEL 8, ITRDB\
	ITRDB.\
\
LEVEL 9, LIVE TUCSON UNPACKING\
	packed tucson files equivalent to folders; converters.\
}