<?xml version="1.0"?>
The Corina BookThe Corina BookPublished August 2002The Corina BookThe Corina BookTable of Contents1. Installation  System Requirements  Installing Java  Installing Corina  Importing Your Data  2. The File Browser  What's It Do?  How To Browse Samples  Displaying Fields and Sorting  The Search Field  The Trash  Exporting the Browser Data  Printing the Browser Data  3. Editing Samples  Samples  Creating a New Sample  Identifying Samples  The Metadata Page  The Status Bar  Reconciling Readings  Redating  Printing Samples  4. Graphs  Introduction  How to Make a Graph  Scrolling  Selecting Samples  Moving Samples Around  Scaling  Printing Graphs  Saving Graphs  Exporting Graphs  Bargraphs  5. Crossdating  How Crossdating Algorithms Work  Sequences  How to Crossdate Samples  The Algorithms  T-Score  Trend  D-Score  Weiserjahre  R-Value  Summary of Crossdating Algorithms  Other Views  Tables  Grids  Graphing  Mapping  Saving Crossdates  Printing Crossdates  6. Indexing  The Problem  How to Index a Sample  Exponential  Polynomial  Horizontal Line  Adaptive  High-Pass Filter  Cubic Spline  The &#x3C7;&#xB2; and &#x3C1; Values  The &#x3C7;&#xB2; test  Correlation Coefficient, or &#x3C1;  Regional Growth Curves, or Proxy Data  7. Summing  Master Chronologies  Making a New Sum  Rebuilding a Sum  Cleaning  8. File Formats  !!! - Another Fine Mess...  How Corina Handles Files  Exporting  Getting data in and out  Tucson  Summed files  Extra fields  Packed Tucson files  Two-Column  Corina  Heidelberg  Hohenheim  TSAP  Ranges-Only  Spreadsheet  9. Preferences  Rationale  Editor Preferences  Crossdate Preferences  Graph Preferences  Advanced Preferences  The Gory Details  10. The Atlas  Showing the Map  Editing Site Info  Introduction?  Displaying Sites on a Map  Exporting Maps  To Illustrator  To a Web Page  To a PowerPoint Presentation  To a Word Document  A. References  B. Graphics File Formats  Types of graphics files  Bitmap File Formats  Vector File Formats  Graphics in Microsoft
    Office  C. Troubleshooting / Help!  D. Glossary  E. Files  User Preferences  Data Files  F. GNU Free Documentation License  PREAMBLE  APPLICABILITY AND DEFINITIONS  VERBATIM COPYING  COPYING IN QUANTITY  MODIFICATIONS  COMBINING DOCUMENTS  COLLECTIONS OF DOCUMENTS  AGGREGATION WITH INDEPENDENT WORKS  TRANSLATION  TERMINATION  FUTURE REVISIONS OF THIS LICENSE  ADDENDUM: How to use this License for
  your documents  G. Index  The Corina BookThe Corina BookList of Figures6.1. A cubic spline, s=10-14  6.2. A cubic spline, s=10-16  6.3. A cubic spline, s=10-18  The Corina BookThe Corina BookList of Tables3.1. How to read the status bar  3.2. Statistics Popup  3.3. List of 3% for Reconciling  4.1. Graph window keyboard controls: Scrolling  4.2. Graph window keyboard controls: selecting samples  4.3. Graph window keyboard controls: moving samples around  4.4. Graph window keyboard controls: scaling  5.1. Crossdating Scores, List  5.2. Crossdating Scores, Table  5.3. Significant T-scores  5.4. Crossdating Table for ZKB-9  B.1. Bitmap Graphics Filetypes  B.2. Vector Graphics Filetypes  The Corina BookThe Corina BookList of Examples6.1. What's a good value?  8.1. Tucson raw format  8.2. Two-column format  8.3. Corina format  8.4. Heidelberg format  8.5. Heidelberg format, with annotations  8.6. Hohenheim format sample  8.7. TSAP Matrix sample  8.8. Ranges-only sample  8.9. Spreadsheet format sample  The Corina BookThe Corina BookList of Equations3.1. Mean Sensitivity  5.1. Student's T-Score prep work  5.2. Student's T-Score  5.3. Significant Trends  5.4. Significant Trends, adjusted  5.5. D-Score Algorithm  6.1. Exponential Curve  6.2. Polynomial Curve  6.3. Adaptive Index  6.4. High-Pass Index  6.5. Definition of &#x3C7;&#xB2;  6.6. Correlation Coefficient  Chapter&#xA0;1.&#xA0;InstallationChapter&#xA0;1.&#xA0;InstallationChapter&#xA0;1.&#xA0;InstallationSystem RequirementsSystem Requirementsa computer(specs)Java(version)Additionally, there are some other things that, while not
required, can be used by Corina:data from another program (??)a measuring station (??)an internet connectiona databaseInstalling JavaInstalling JavaWRITEME: how to install java (win32, mac, linux)Installing CorinaInstalling Corinadownload corina.sf.net/?/corina.jar, put it in
Applications/Program Files, make a link to it / put it in the dock,
fire it up.  (linux: put in /usr/share/java/Corina.jar, make shell
script /usr/bin/corina which launches it; what's its gnome/kde icon?)


#!/bin/sh
exec java -jar /usr/share/java/Corina.jar


WRITEME: different versions concurrently?  just rename, it doesn't
care about the name.WRITEME: how to uninstall?  remove corina.jar, remove temp files
(/tmp/corina-map-files/..., etc.), maybe remove prefs (~/.corina/).
your data is untouched; if you never plan to use corina again, you will
need to convert your data to tucson (ref -- how?).MOVEME: Corina gets your preferences from a file in your home folder,
and your name from the operating system (for example, to put on
printouts).

Importing Your DataImporting Your DataWRITEMEChapter&#xA0;2.&#xA0;The File BrowserChapter&#xA0;2.&#xA0;The File BrowserChapter&#xA0;2.&#xA0;The File BrowserWhat's It Do?What's It Do?-- why you'd need such a beast; what it is/doesHow To Browse SamplesHow To Browse SamplesTo start the Corina File Browser, choose

      File-&gt;Browse... (control-shift-O)

      You will see the File Browser in a new window; initially, it will
      be browsing your toplevel data directory.IMAGE: the basic file browserIn the upper-left corner, you see a popup
    labelled Folder.  This is the folder
    you're looking at.  If you click and ...WRITEME - how to use it: the folder popup, arrow keys, pgup/dn, enter, mouse, descending folders, ascending folders, opening samples.Displaying Fields and SortingDisplaying Fields and SortingIf the Corina File Browser only allowed you to browse files by
their filenames, it wouldn't be much more useful than the Finder (on
the Mac) or Explorer (on the PC).  But it has a killer feature that's
completely impossible from almost any normal file browser: because
it's part of Corina, it knows about Corina metadata fields.  And you
can display, sort by, or search for any of these fields.WRITEME: how to display fieldsWRITEME: how to sortWRITEME: when do they get updated? (if at all)TipIf your hands are on the keyboard, you can quickly sort by
a column by pressing control and the number of the
column.  For example, if the second column is "Size", press
control-2 to
sort by size.You can also sort by 2 or more criteria.  For example, suppose
you wanted to sort by the number of sapwood rings, and then (for those
samples with the same number of sapwood rings) by end year.  Click on
them in the opposite order: "End", then "Sapwood Count".  When you
sort by "Sapwood Count", it won't disturb the sort order from the
"End" sort unless it needs to, so samples with the same number of
sapwood rings will still maintain their relative order.  (--need an
example of this--)
The following fields are available:NameThe name of the file, as it's saved on the
    disk.  (This field is always visible.)Date ModifiedThe time and date this file was last modified.  If
	it was modified today or yesterday, the date is shown as
	"Today" or "Yesterday", to make it
	easier to skim a list of files, and also for searching
	(discussed later).SizeThe size of this file on disk, in bytes or
    KB.KindThe kind of this file; usually this will be
	"Corina sample" or "Folder", but may
	also be something like "Tucson file" (for other
	dendro filetypes) or "Other document" (for
	non-dendro filetypes).Range, Start, End, LengthThe range is available either as the entire range
	("1001-1036 (n=36)"), just the start-year
	("1001"), just the end-year ("1036"),
	or just the length ("36").  The first option is
	easiest to read, usually, and the other options give you more
	flexibility when sorting.  You can sort by end-year, for
	example.And all of the sample's normal metadata fields......exactly as you entered them on Metadata panelThe Search FieldThe Search FieldSorting by a metadata field is a great way to organize samples,
especially when you're sorting by a numerical value, like the
number of sapwood rings.  It doesn't work as well for some text
fields, like the species, and it doesn't really work at all for
other text fields, like the comments field.  This is what
the search field does really well.In the top-right corner of a the File Browser window, there's a text field
labelled "Search for:".  When you type a word in this field, Corina will
hide files that don't contain this text.  You don't even need to press return:
it updates the list as you type, instantly.&#x2022;You can type as many words as you like, separated by spaces.  Corina
    will show only files that match all of the words you supply.&#x2022;This field is case-insensitive.  The searches fire scar,
    FIRE SCAR, and fIrE sCaR are all equivalent.&#x2022;When you enter a new folder, anything you typed in this field will
    automatically be deleted.&#x2022;Terms you type into this field will match any column that is visible.And of course, after you've typed some search terms to narrow down the list,
you can still use the sorting function to sort the samples that remain.The TrashThe TrashIn the lower-right corner of the File Browser window, there's a
little Trash icon.  This is just like your Trash on Mac OS or your
Recycle Bin on Windows.&#x2022;If you want to delete (one or more) files from the
File Browser, simply select them and drag them to this icon.
They'll be moved to your Trash.&#x2022;If you want to see what's in it, click it;
this will open it with Explorer (on the PC) or in the Finder (on the
Mac).&#x2022;If you want to delete the files in the trash/recycle
	  bin permanently, click it to open it, and then choose

	  Finder-&gt;Empty&#xA0;Trash (shift-&#x2318;-delete)  

	  (on the&#xA0;Mac) or

	  File-&gt;Empty&#xA0;Recycle&#xA0;Bin  

	  (on the&#xA0;PC) to empty it.&#x2022;If you want to recover a file you dragged to the
	  trash, click the Trash to open it, and then drag the icon of
	  the file back into the File Browser window.  Alternatively,
	  if dragging it to the trash was the last thing you did, you
	  can undo it by choosing

	  Edit-&gt;Undo Move to Trash.
        
FIXME:
-- packed tucson files
-- users will want to be able to read packed tucson files as if they were a folder of normal samples
-- users should be able to convert between "a folder of (tucson) samples" and "a packed tucson file" seamlessly

-- need the new-new i/o system for this?
-- need a notation for this?  how about "packedfile.tuc#1" (#1, #2, ...)?  better yet, file.sep -- "packegfile.tuc/1"
-- (number-of-sample is safe; id-number would probably not be, because there could be 2 files with 1 id number in the file)
-- there probably aren't, in the ITRDB.  what if i enforced that there weren't on this end, too?  then "packedfile.tuc/652001" is a safe notation.  that would be rather elegant.
Exporting the Browser DataExporting the Browser DataCorina lets you export all of the metadata fields you're
viewing in the browser to other programs.  (For example, you could make
a bargraph in Excel out of the start and
end years of some samples.)Procedure&#xA0;2.1.&#xA0;Exporting the browser data:&#x2022;Choose
  Edit-&gt;Copy (control-C)
This will copy all of the data you see, as you see it, as plain
text.  Each field will be separated by a tab character, and each row
will be on a new line.  (You can paste it directly into a spreadsheet,
like Excel.)Printing the Browser DataPrinting the Browser DataYou can also print your current browser view, as well.Procedure&#xA0;2.2.&#xA0;To print out the browser view:1.
          If you want to change the page setup options
(if you want to change the margins, or print to a non-standard
paper size, for example), choose
  File-&gt;Page Setup...
2.
          Choose
  File-&gt;Print... (control-P)
The printout will show:
  &#x2022;which folder you're viewing&#x2022;all of the fields you see&#x2022;all of the files you see&#x2022;if there are search terms, what they are&#x2022;the number of files/folders,
                    just like the browser window shows&#x2022;your name and the date
Chapter&#xA0;3.&#xA0;Editing SamplesChapter&#xA0;3.&#xA0;Editing SamplesChapter&#xA0;3.&#xA0;Editing SamplesSamplesSamplesThe basic chunk of data in Corina is the
sample.  Everything in Corina is concerned with
putting data into samples, manipulating samples to emphasize their
useful data, and ultimately, determining where some sample fits in a
chronology.The term "sample" is perhaps slightly inaccurate.  A Corina
sample is more like one measurement of a sample.  If you measure
sample 6 twice, you will generally store the data in two samples, "6A"
and "6C".A sample consists of:
&#x2022;Data, as one number per year (the width of a
      ring)&#x2022;A range, or the years it covers (like 1001 &#x2014;
      1036)&#x2022;Metadata (like whether it has pith)&#x2022;Weiserjahre (for a sum, how many samples contribute
            to each year)&#x2022;Elements (for a sum, which files were used to create
      it)
WRITEME: (***file/naming conventions)To keep things somewhat organized,  (what was i going to talk
about?  sites=folders?)Creating a New SampleCreating a New SampleProcedure&#xA0;3.1.&#xA0;To create a new sample:1.
          Choose
    File-&gt;New Sample... (control-N)
  2.
          Type in a title for this sample, and press return.Tip
Raw samples generally have titles with the site name,
sample number, and reading letter.  To help you from forgetting to
type the sample number, Corina won't let you continue if the title
doesn't have a number in it.  If you really want to create a sample
with no number in the title, type a number here and delete it later.
Entering or editing data is as simple as typing a number, and
pressing return to advance to the next year.  If you make a mistake,
you can always back up to correct it.  You can move the cursor by
clicking on any value with the mouse, or by using the keyboard.  The
arrow keys move by one year
(left/right) or decade
(up/down), and
Page up, Page down, Home, and
End also work.If you try to enter a value in the cell immediately after the
last value of your sample, it will automatically extend the dataset.
If you enter a value in a cell that already contains data, it will
overwrite the old value with your new one.  If ins/del***If you have a measuring box connected to your computer's serial
port, Corina can record its measurements directly.Procedure&#xA0;3.2.&#xA0;To measure a sample:1.
          Create a new, empty sample with
    File-&gt;New Sample... (control-N)
  2.
          Type a title, and press return.3.
          Click on the cell where the first value will go, if it's
    not already selected: it's the second cell to the right
    of 1001,
    below 1.4.
          Choose
    Edit-&gt;Start Measuring (F1)
    5.
          Measure your sample.  Pressing the trigger enters a value into the editor.6.
          While measuring, you can still move the cursor with the arrow keys, e.g., if
    you want to re-measure a ring.  Remember to flip the measuring box to non-measure
    mode while backing up.7.
          When you're finished measuring, choose
    Edit-&gt;Stop Measuring (F1)
    8.
          Save the sample.Why can't I edit this sample?Corina only lets you edit data by hand if it's raw
  &#x2014; not indexed or summed.  If the status bar has a number
  in square brackets, like "1863: 1129 [15]", then it's a summed
  file.  To edit a summed file, you should edit the raw files
  that make it up, and re-sum it.  Corina won't let you edit
  indexed files, either.  (Check the Format field on the Metadata
  tab.)  Instead, edit the raw file and re-index the sample.Identifying SamplesIdentifying SamplesEach sample needs a unique ID.  Unfortunately, there are 
    several different identification schemes.Titlethe title itself, consisting of the full name of
    the site, the sample number, and the reading number:
    "Zonguldak, Karab&#xFC;k 15C."FilenameThe name of the file on disk:
    "ZKB15C.xxx" (more on what
    ".xxx" is
    later).IDA 6-digit code for the sample:
    "167153".TapeThe number written on the tape on the sample:
    "C-TU-ZKB-15"Only two of these are really needed: the full title, and a
shorter version, for example, suitable for writing on the sample
itself.  The ID number is leftover from Tucson punchcards, and serves
no purpose today.  The filename is different from the tape number
because MS-DOS limited filenames to 8 letters, a dot, and then 3 more
letters.  Hopefully in the near future, we'll decide to simplify
the system by eliminating these unnecessary names.The Metadata PageThe Metadata PageA sample isn't just a bunch of numbers.  That's what the
  metadata tab is for.  On the metadata tab, you can
  enter... (***)You should always fill out the metadata page before you save.
  (Corina warns you if you try to save a sample without entering any
  metadata.)Metadata fieldsTitleThe title...IDID number.  These are typically 6 numeric digits, which
        is why they're becoming obsolete.  For example, "ZKB-15C"
        would be "167153". (Zonguldak, Karab&#xFC;k is site 167.)  But
        this starts to fail when you get more than 1000 sites, or 100
        samples.  These are used only for exporting a file to Tucson
        format.DatingIs the sample relatively or absolutely dated?Unmeasured, beginningNumber of unmeasured rings at the beginning of this sampleUnmeasured, endNumber of unmeasured rings at the end of this sampleType of SampleThe sample type: core, charcoal, or section.Wood SpeciesThe species of wood; use the Latin nameFormatThe format of this data, either raw or indexed.
    (You will probably never need to change this yourself.)Index Method
    
    
    The algorithm used to index this sample.  See
    Chapter&#xA0;6.  This is only set if Corina was
    used to index the sample; other programs which use the Tucson
    file format keep no record of this.Sapwood Count
    
    The number of sapwood rings.  By convention, this
	includes unmeasured sapwood rings.  For
	example, if a sample's last measured ring is 1236, and it has
	3 unmeasured rings, and the first sapwood ring is 1230, then
	the sapwood count is 10.PithPith: present, present but undatable, or not
    present.Terminal RingBark, Waney-edge, near the end, or an unknown
    number of rings to the endContinuousIs the last ring: continuous, partially contiuous,
	or not continuous, over the outside edge of the sample?There's no real standard for this: one man's
	"partially continuous" is another man's
	"not continuous".  The purpose of this field is an
	indicator of whether the last year of this sample is the last
	year of the tree's life.  There's decent odds that
	a continuous outer ring is the terminal ring, even in the
	absense of bark, waney edge, or other signs.Quality
      
    Whether the sample has one unmeasured ring, or
	more than one unmeasured ring."Quality" is a lousy name for it, but that's the
	convention.ReconciledWhether this sample has been reconciled or not.
    If you're measuring a new sample for the first time, say No.
    Later, after you reconcile two readings of this sample, you'll set
    this to Yes.  (See
    the section called &#x201C;Reconciling Readings&#x201D;.)AuthorYour name.  Corina sets
    this automatically for you.  (It's the name of the person who
    created the sample.  If somebody else
    edits it, it will still have your name on it.CommentsAny extra notes you have that don't fit in
    any of these categories.  You can type as much text as you
    want here.For example, if the piece had any fire scars, note them
    here.  Also, note any cracks you had to measure around -
    or anything else that would help somebody else who wants
    to reconstruct what you did.The Status BarThe Status BarAt the bottom of each editor window is the status
      bar, which provides you with some useful
      information.The status bar.Next to the tree, you'll see some numbers:1913: 30 [5] 4*1This the year the cursor is on, and the data for that year.
    Here's how to interpret this:Table&#xA0;3.1.&#xA0;How to read the status barTextMeaning1913:&#xA0;For the year 1913,30the average ring width was 30 (hundredths of a millimeter: 0.30 mm),[5]which is the average of 5 samples,4*14 of which are bigger than in the previous year, and 1 of which was smaller.If any of these terms is missing, it means this sample
    doesn't have that information.  A raw sample, for example,
    will only have the year and ring width.  A sample summed with
    Corina will have all of these terms.  You might see the number of
    samples but not Weiserjahre data for Tucson files, which
    can't store those numbers.  More information about this
    &#x2014; such as the difference between
    '*' and
    '/' in the last term
    &#x2014; can be found in the chapter on
    summing.In the lower-right corner of each editor window, you'll see some text
    that looks likeThe status bar, as it looks on a Mac.mean sensitivity = 0.317This is the mean
    sensitivity, which tells how sensitive or complacent
    the data is.  (values***) It's essentially
    for-your-information only; you shouldn't be worried if
    it's too high or too low (but you probably shouldn't
    be too surprised if a complacent dataset doesn't crossdate
    as well).Behind the ScenesIt's defined in [DPL] by:

Equation&#xA0;3.1.&#xA0;Mean Sensitivityms = 1/(N-1) &#x2211; 2|yi-yi-1| / (|yi| + |yi-1|)

    In some instances, it can't be computed (e.g., if any
    two consecutive years are 0), and is reported as
    N/A.There are other statistics you can view, as well.  Press and
    hold the mouse button over the statistics, and you'll see a popup
    menu that looks like:Table&#xA0;3.2.&#xA0;Statistics Popupmean sensitivity = 0.317total radius = 149.44 mmaverage ring width = 1.18 mmnumber of years = 127number of rings = 127number of elements = N/AIf you choose any of these menuitems, the status bar will
    then display that statistic (and in any other editor windows you
    open, too).Some of the other statistics may also be reported as
    N/A.  Number of elements is N/A
    if it's a raw file.  Total radius and average ring width are
    N/A if the sample is indexed.Reconciling ReadingsReconciling ReadingsAfter each sample is read twice, you (or somebody else)
    reconcile the readings.  Reconciled
    samples&#x2022;have the same number of years,&#x2022;have all trends the
    same, and&#x2022;the measurements for each ring are within 3% (of
    the smaller value)Reconciliation is traditionally done on paper, though it can
    help to graph both samples on the screen for a quick visual
    comparison first.  On the printouts, circle values that differ by
    more than 3%, and underline bad trends.  Then re-measure each bad
    value.  Corina can quickly check if a sample has met these
    criteria.(There is ongoing debate about whether a trend of
    stays-the-same and a differing trend &#x2014; increasing or
    decreasing &#x2014; is acceptable.)Procedure&#xA0;3.3.&#xA0;To check if a sample is reconciled (correctly):1.
          Open one reading with
      File-&gt;Open... (control-O).2.
          Choose
      Manipulate-&gt;Reconcile.3.
          If Corina can't find the other reading, it will ask
    you to locate&#xA0;it.4.
          A new window appears listing inconsistent trends and
    measurements, if there are any.5.
          When you're done looking at it, close this window.Corina thinks that the two measurements of a sample are the
    "A" and "C" readings, or the
    "B" and "D" readings, and that this is the
    last letter of the filename (before the filename extension, if
    you're on Windows).When you've finished reconciling a sample on paper,
    here's a checklist...***Procedure&#xA0;3.4.&#xA0;To reconcile a sample on the computer, after you've reconciled it on paper:1.
          Open the first ("A") reading with
      File-&gt;Open... (control-O).2.
          Type in the correct data.3.
          On the Metadata tab, set
    Reconciled to Yes.4.
          Save the sample with
      File-&gt;Save (control-S).5.
          Repeat for the second ("C") reading.6.
          Change the extension of both files to .REC
      (in Windows Explorer, for example).When reconciling by hand, you need to know what 3% of a
     value is; here's a table:Table&#xA0;3.3.&#xA0;List of 3% for ReconcilingRing Width3%Ring Width3%1-331201-233734-672234-267868-1003268-3009101-334301-33310134-1675334-36711168-2006368-40012RedatingRedatingThe dating of a sample is what year
    it's dated to, and whether that range is absolute or
    relative.  Changing these values, then,
    is redating.There are two reasons to redate a sample.  First,  ...  They also need to be dated correctly for making sums,
    which I'll talk about later.The standard way to redate a file is with the Redate... menuitem.Procedure&#xA0;3.5.&#xA0;To redate a sample:1.
          Open the sample with
      File-&gt;Open... (control-O).2.
          Choose
      Manipulate-&gt;Redate... (control-R).3.
          Type in either the new starting date or the new ending date;
      the other one will automatically be computed for you.4.
          Click "Relative" or
    "Absolute" if you want to set
    that.5.
          Click OK.6.
          Save the sample.There are other ways to do it, though.  The Absolute/Relative
    setting can also be changed from the Metadata tab.  And if you
    want to change the starting year of a sample, you can double-click
    on that year (the very top-left square) in the Data tab and change
    it directly &#x2014; press return when you're done.Printing SamplesPrinting SamplesIt's often useful to have a hardcopy of data.  Corina prints
    all data present for a sample, including data, metadata,
    weiserjahre, and elements.  It also prints some appropriate
    summary information for the type of sample it is, like the total
    radius of a raw sample, the total number of rings in a master, or
    the number (and percentage) of significant years in a
    master.To print a sample, select
    File-&gt;Print... (control-shift-P).

    This shows you a dialog that lets you set the margins, layout, etc.,
    of the printout.  If you just want to use the same settings as you did
    before (or the defaults, if you haven't printed yet), you can
    select

    File-&gt;Print One Copy (control-P).

    and Corina will print without showing you the dialog.Chapter&#xA0;4.&#xA0;GraphsChapter&#xA0;4.&#xA0;GraphsChapter&#xA0;4.&#xA0;GraphsIntroductionIntroductionGraphs give you a "feel" for data that you can't get
        just by looking at tables of numbers.Most of the statistical tools provided by Corina
        aren't incredibly intelligent.  It wouldn't be very hard to
        come up with some datasets that had great statistical scores
        across the board, but obviously didn't crossdate.***How to Make a GraphHow to Make a GraphThe ability to make graphs is integrated into virtually
    every part of Corina - so no matter what you're doing, it's easy
    to see a graph of it.The simplest way to make a graph is to select some files in
    the browser and choose
      File-&gt;Graph.
    Ways to make a graph include:&#x2022;In the browser,
        select some samples, and choose

    Graph-&gt;Graph (control-G)

        or right-click on them, and choose
        Graph.&#x2022;When indexing,
        click the Preview
        button.&#x2022;When crossdating, click the
        Graph button.&#x2022;When editing a
        sample, choose either
    Graph-&gt;Graph (control-G)

        or

    Graph-&gt;Graph Elements (control-shift-G).

        &#x2022;Adding files to an existing graph: drag and
        drop any file on the graph window to add it.&#x2022;By loading an old one: see the section called &#x201C;Saving Graphs&#x201D;.When you make a graph of a summed
    file, you'll see two lines.  One is the normal graph: the
    width of each ring.  The second line is the number of samples that
    had data in that year.If you graph an oak sample that has sapwood, the rings of
    sapwood will show up as a thicker line at the end of the
    graph.  (Corina considers a sample to be oak if the species
    contains either "oak" or "quercus".)Finally, when you move the mouse around on the sample, it
    also shows a white vertical bar in that year.  The year is also
    printed at the top of the bar.ScrollingScrollingOnce you're looking at a graph, it should be apparent that you
  can use the scrollbar at the bottom to scroll through the years.
  You can also use the keyboard to scroll:Table&#xA0;4.1.&#xA0;Graph window keyboard controls: ScrollingKeyCommandleftScroll left 10 yearsrightScroll right 10 yearsPage UpScroll left 100 yearsPage DownScroll right 100 yearsHomeScroll left to startEndScroll right to endSelecting SamplesSelecting SamplesAs with other programs, Corina lets you operate on one
  sample at a time.  One graph at a time is the currently selected
  sample.  The currently selected sample is drawn with a thicker
  line.You can always just click on a graph to select it.  Or use
  the keyboard:Table&#xA0;4.2.&#xA0;Graph window keyboard controls: selecting samplesKeyCommandTabSelect next sampleShift-TabSelect previous samplecontrol-1,
                   control-2,
                   etc.Select graph 1, 2, etc.Moving Samples AroundMoving Samples AroundYou can move samples around on the graph using the mouse, too.
  Simply drag the graph to where you want it.  It'll move smoothly up
  and down, and jump by whole years left and right; if you watch the
  title bar of the window, it'll show you what years it's dated to as
  you drag &#x2014; for example, Zonguldak,
  Karab&#xFC;k 10A (1001-1036) (at 1002-1036), if
  you've scrolled it right by one year.  If you want to adjust it up
  and down without changing the years it's dated to, hold down the
  Shift key as you drag.If you're a keyboard jock, there are keyboard shortcuts for
  almost everything you can do with the mouse:Table&#xA0;4.3.&#xA0;Graph window keyboard controls: moving samples aroundKeyCommandupSlide sample updownSlide sample down+ or =Nudge sample up (by 1 pixel)-Nudge sample down (by 1 pixel)control-leftSlide sample left by 1 yearcontrol-rightSlide sample right by 1 yearSpaceSquish graphs together (see below)If you had a lot of graphs to move around, doing it by hand
  could take a while.  So Corina has are a couple commands that you
  can use to move all of the graphs at once:&#x2022;First, you can have all the baselines of your graphs set to
      zero.  That is, they'll all be on the same y-axis.  Select
      View-&gt;Make Baselines Zero.

      (This is the default for plotting samples with their indexes.)&#x2022;Second, you can spread out the baselines at regular
      intervals.  The first graph will have its baseline at the
      bottom, the second one 1" above that, etc.  Select
      View-&gt;Make Baselines Evenly Spaced.
      (This is the defaul for plotting multiple samples.)&#x2022;Third, you can have Corina "look" at the part of
      the graphs that are showing, and fit them together as closely as
      possible.  It doesn't just set all the baselines to the same
      place; it actually tries to make each graph fit together
      11It does this by computing the minimum
      &#x3C7;&#xB2;, similarly to how good indexing curves are
      found..  Select
      View-&gt;Squish Together Graphs (Space).
    ScalingScalingYou can change the scale of parts of the graph.  The
    horizontal scale can be changed in the graph preferences.The vertical scale of each graph is set
    separately.  To change the vertical scale of the currently
    selected graph:Table&#xA0;4.4.&#xA0;Graph window keyboard controls: scalingKeyCommand&lt; or ,Scale sample down by 20%&gt; or .Scale sample up by 25%Printing GraphsPrinting GraphsWRITEME: printingSaving GraphsSaving GraphsIf you get a bunch of samples put on a graph and want to
  save what you're working on, you can save the graph just as you
  would any other file, with
      File-&gt;Save As... (control-S).It will save which samples you've chosen to graph, the scale of each, and where you've moved
  them.  Only references to the actual samples are saved, so you
  can't delete the original samples, or send just the graph file to
  a friend.  Graphs of indexes aren't samples, and can't be saved.
  You can load them again with
      File-&gt;Open... (control-O).
    Exporting GraphsExporting GraphsWhen you use
      File-&gt;Save As... (control-S),
    Corina saves which samples are in the graph, where they are,
    what scale is being used, what type of graph it is, etc. - in
    other words, it doesn't store an actual picture of the graph, but
    simply a way to reproduce it later.  If you want to put a graph
    from Corina into another document, you need to
    export it.BargraphsBargraphsFIXME: make this a sect1 about other graph styles, with children sect2's
  for bargraphs, skeleton plots.Corina can also make another type of graph from sample data:
  bargraphs.  Bargraphs are similar to normal graphs (the x-axis is
  still "years"), but they only show what years each sample starts and
  ends, not the width of each ring.They can't be used for verifying crossdates or indexes, of
    course, but they're good for seeing how a master chronology is put
    together.Procedure&#xA0;4.1.&#xA0;To make a bargraph:1.
          Create a graph just as you normally would, e.g., by
    choosing 
      Graph-&gt;Graph Elements
    in the editor.2.
          When the graph window appears, choose
      View-&gt;as Bargraph (control-B).Bargraphs are colored by species.  ***colors?Chapter&#xA0;5.&#xA0;CrossdatingChapter&#xA0;5.&#xA0;CrossdatingChapter&#xA0;5.&#xA0;CrossdatingCrossdating is the art of figuring out
    where (or rather, when) one sample fits relative to another
    sample.  Corina has several algorithms to help you crossdate
    samples.How Crossdating Algorithms WorkHow Crossdating Algorithms WorkAll algorithms work in pretty much the same way.  There's a
  "fixed" sample, and there's a "moving" sample.  Imagine you have
  printouts of their graphs on translucent paper.  The fixed graph is
  taped to a table, and you can slide the moving sample left and
  right.  (This is actually how it was originally done, on graph
  paper, with one inch per decade.)  Start with the moving sample to
  the left of the fixed sample, overlapping it by 10 years.  Look at
  how well the graphs match: this is the first score that's computed.
  Slide the moving sample to the right one year.  This is the second
  score.  Keep doing this until the moving sample overlaps by only 10
  years on the right end of the fixed sample.If you did this yourself, you'd end up with a list of
  scores, like this:Table&#xA0;5.1.&#xA0;Crossdating Scores, ListEnd year of moving sampleCrossdating score10100.0310110.5610121.1110130.8210140.60Since there are so many scores, that tends to take
  up a lot of space.  Instead, we usually write them
  10 to a row, like this:Table&#xA0;5.2.&#xA0;Crossdating Scores, TableYear01234567891001&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;&#xA0;0.0310100.561.110.820.600.342.900.530.750.490.37This looks like how sample data is displayed.  Just remember
  that the year for each data point here is the
  end-year of the moving sample.That's all there is.  You could do it all simply by moving
  graphs and eyeballing the crossdates.  But there are hundreds of
  sites and millennia of chronologies you'll want to crossdate your
  samples against, so that would take a while.  Corina has a few
  algorithms to find likely crossdates almost instantaneously.  They
  aren't perfect, though, and they generally aren't as good as looking
  at the graphs.  You'll still have to look and see if they make
  sense.SequencesSequencesOften you won't want to run just one crossdate.  And usually
  you'll want to run more than one test between the same samples.  So
  Corina lets you run sequences of crosses:
  N-by-1, N-by-N, 1-by-1, and 1-by-N.  These are how many fixed and
  moving samples you want to crossdate.  With 1-by-N, for example, you
  have one fixed sample you want to try crossing against several other
  samples.  When you choose N-by-N, you choose only one set of
  samples: it crosses every sample against every other sample.How to Crossdate SamplesHow to Crossdate SamplesWRITEME: old way.  sequences, 1-by-n, etc.WRITEME: new way.  kit, drag files, hit run.WRITEME: new way #2: select, right-click, crossdateWRITEME: going through sequences; next/prev; watch the title
  of the "score" columnWRITEME: the tabs; sigs, all, histoWRITEME: the views: normal, tables, gridsWRITEME: graphsWRITEME: maps
TODO: the following blurb came straight from a word processor.
reformat it, and make it fit.

[[ task: write documentation for the "crossdatekit" feature, at least in the context of crossframe's edit menu ]]
When you run a sequence of crossdates, you pick some samples to
be fixed, and other samples to be moving.  (In an "N-by-N" sequence,
Corina treats it as if each of the samples is both fixed and moving,
but doesn't show you duplicate crosses: if you've already seen A-vs-B,
you won't also get B-vs-A.)  This is how crossdating works, but there
is a downside to this: sometimes you end up looking at a crossdate
with a "fixed" sample you really want to be moving, or a "moving"
sample you really want fixed.You can use the options in the View menu to change which ranges
are displayed in the "Significant Scores" tab, but that's not always
good enough.  The "All Scores" tab always shows the score for the
end-year of the moving sample, no matter which option you've chosen in
the View menu.Now, you could just close the crossdate and start a new sequence
with whatever samples you wanted in the correct position.  But that
would take a lot of time, and not be very pleasant.  So Corina lets
you change which samples are fixed and which are moving after you've
started to run a crossdate sequence.Let's suppose you're looking at a forest sample, and you want to
crossdate it against some masters to see if it fits anywhere.  It's
open (or maybe you opened it from the Open Recent menu), so you choose
Manipulate -&gt; Cross against... and pick a few masters.But now the single sample, being the first one, is called
"fixed", and the masters are "moving".  That's backwards.  So, do
this: * From the crossdate window, choose View -&gt; Edit Fixed/Moving
Lists (or press command-E) * The crossdate window disappears, and
you're presented with a dialog that lists the fixed samples on the
left, the moving samples on the right, and controls to add and remove
files from either list, or move files between the lists.  In this
case, you just want to swap them all, so click "&lt; Swap &gt;", and
the fixed and moving lists exchange places.  * Finally, click Run and
you're returned to the crossdate window, but the single forest sample
is now the moving sample.You can use this whenever you're running a sequence of
crossdates which is almost-but-not-quite what you want.  If you're
running a 1-by-N and you realize you forgot one sample, press
command-E, click "Add..." to add it, click "Run", and you're back.  If
you're running an N-by-N and realize that only one of them is really a
"fixed" sample, press command-E, remove all but one from the "fixed"
side, and click "Run".Finally, note that the two lists in the dialog can have files
dragged to them from anywhere.  So, for example, if you're looking at
a bunch of files in Windows Explorer or the Mac Finder, and think
you'd like to crossdate &lt;...&gt;The AlgorithmsThe AlgorithmsNow I'll describe each of the algorithms Corina can use to
  crossdate samples.T-ScoreT-ScoreThe t-score is the classic crossdate.
  Everybody quotes t-scores: if you want to brag about how good a
  cross is, you tell them your t-score.  Unfortunately, every dendro
  program seems to have a slightly different
  implementation of t-score, so the numbers you get from Corina
  might not be exactly comparable to the numbers from other
  programs.The version Corina uses is based on the algorithms given in
  [Baillie73], though with some apparent bugs
  corrected.  (In the following equations,
  x0,
  x1,
  x2, &#x2026;
  are the data of the fixed sample in the overlap,
  y0,
  y1,
  y2, &#x2026;
  are the data of the moving sample in the overlap,
  and N is the length of the overlap.)Procedure&#xA0;5.1.&#xA0;T-Score algorithm1.
          Make each dataset
bivariate-normal [http://mathworld.wolfram.com/BivariateNormalDistribution.html], by replacing each value with the mean of the 5 values
    around it, and then taking its natural logarithm.  (This is what
    [Baillie73] does, and how they justify it; I'm
    simply using their result, and assuming it is correct.  Statisticians
    are welcome to argue about this.)

Equation&#xA0;5.1.&#xA0;Student's T-Score prep workxi &#x2190;
            (xi-2 +
	     xi-1 +
	     xi +
	     xi+1 +
	     xi+2) / 5xi &#x2190; ln(xi)

    This is done to both the fixed and moving data.
    2.
          The Student's-T computation looks like this:

Equation&#xA0;5.2.&#xA0;Student's T-Scoresxy = &#x2211; xi yi - N (xi - xavg) (yi - yavg)sxx = &#x2211; xi2 - N (xi - xavg)2syy = &#x2211; yi2 - N (yi - yavg)2r = sxy / &#x221A; (sxx syy)t = r &#x221A; ((N-2)/(1-r2))

    The t-score is called a "parametric" algorithm, because it
  takes into account the magnitudes of the samples.***(huh?)A t-score is considered "statistically significant" if it's
greater than a certain value.  Just what this value is varies with the
length of the overlap between the samples: a 500 year overlap can have
a t-score of 2.6 and pass, but an overlap of only 15 years would have
to be higher, like 3.0.  The values are listed in this table:

Table&#xA0;5.3.&#xA0;Significant T-scoresOverlap between samples (N)Minimum significant score (t)163.65729.92535.84144.60454.03263.70773.49983.35593.250103.169113.106123.055133.012142.977152.947162.921172.898182.878192.861202.845212.831222.819232.807242.797252.787262.779272.771282.763292.756302.750402.704602.660&#x221E;2.576
 WRITEME: where's this data from?  (PIK's table) -- add ref to
biblio, and add link here.In reality, your overlaps will always be at least 10 or 15
years, and hopefully more than 50.  You don't need to know this table,
but a t-score must be greater than 2.5 or 3.0 to be significant,
depending on its overlap.Click on the "Significant Scores" tab to see a list of all
significant scores.TrendTrendThe trend is the simplest crossdate.
    For each sample, it computes the trend of
    each 2-year interval (1001-1002, 1002-1003, and so on).  The trend
    of a 2-year interval is simply whether the next ring is larger,
    smaller, or the same.  The trend score is the percentage of
    intervals in the overlap which are the same.  For example, a 75%
    trend (a very good score, by the way) means that for 75% of the
    intervals in the overlap, both samples went up in the same years
    and down in the same years.Other NamesYou may hear this algorithm called by different names.
      The German name for this is
      "Gleichl&#xE4;ufigkeitskoeffizient", or
      simply "Gleichl&#xE4;ufigkeit" for short.
      It was first computerized by Eckstein in [Eckstein], so it has also been called "Eckstein's W."
      (German Wert = value, score.)
      If one sample stays the same, and the other increases or
    decreases, Corina considers that to be halfway between a
    same-trend and different-trend, and gives it half a point.Trend is a "non-parametric" algorithm, because it only takes
    into account if a given ring is bigger or smaller than the
    previous one, not by how much.  To the trend, a drop of "100 1"
    looks exactly the same as a drop of "100 99".Two completely random samples will have a trend of 50%, on average.
    So you'd expect a trend must be greater than 50% to be significant.
    According to [Huber70], a trend is significant if:

Equation&#xA0;5.3.&#xA0;Significant Trendstr &gt; 50% + 50/&#x221A;N

    For example, a pair of samples with a 50-year overlap needs a 50 +
    50&#x221A;50 = 57.1% trend to be significant, but at a 400-year
    overlap need only a 50 + 50&#x221A;400 = 52.5% trend.In practice, however, this doesn't tend to work terribly well.
    Using this scheme, there are typically about three times as many
    "significant" trend scores as t-scores, and users want this narrowed
    down a bit more.  So take &#x3C3;=3 and use:

Equation&#xA0;5.4.&#xA0;Significant Trends, adjustedtr &gt; 50% + 50&#x3C3;/&#x221A;N

    This gives about the same number of significant trend scores as
    t-scores.Trends are also used in reconciliation.  After they've been
    reconciled, both readings of a sample should have 100%
    trend.D-ScoreD-ScoreThe D-score, or "Dating score," is a combination of
      the T-score and trendEquation&#xA0;5.5.&#xA0;D-Score AlgorithmD = (tr - 50%) &#xD7; tCorina considers 40 to be the
    theshold for significant D-scores.WeiserjahreWeiserjahreAll of the crossdates that have been mentioned so far only
      compare the ring widths.  This works fine for raw samples, but
      when crossdating summed samples, there's a lot more information
      available, namely, the Weiserjahre data.  Wouldn't it make sense
      to count a [20]&#xA0;19*1
      ring more heavily than a
      [1]&#xA0;1/0 ring?  19 out of
      20 samples think it's an increasing year, not just 1.This is what the Weiserjahre cross does: for each possible
    overlap, it starts by counting the number of significant intervals
    of the master for that overlap.  A "significant" interval is one
    with at least 3 samples, where at least 75% of them have the same
    trend.  Then it computes the percent agreement (like the trend)
    between the master and the raw sample for only those significant
    years of the overlap.  (Of course, for the trend of the master,
    it doesn't use the trend of the master; it uses the trend of the
    majority of its elements.  They're usually the same, but not
    necessarily.)(Another way to think about the Weiserjahre crossdate is:
it's like a trend, but ignoring years where the sum has only 1 or 2
samples, or where there isn't an overwhelming trend in the sum.
Also like the trend, the results are given as a percentage.)Because the Weiserjahre crossdate is only applicable to masters
  crossed against raw samples, it's not turned on by default in
  Corina.Procedure&#xA0;5.2.&#xA0;To run a Weiserjahre crossdate:1.
          Start to run a crossdate as you normally would.  You'll
  see the T-score results.2.
          Choose
    Edit-&gt;Edit Fixed/Moving Lists... (control-E).3.
          The crossdate disappears, and the list of samples and
    algorithms for your crossdate appears.  At the bottom, you'll see
    that the T-score, Trend, and D-score are turned on by default.
    Click the "Weiserjahre" checkbox to turn it
    on, too.  (You can turn off any other algorithms you want here, as
    long as at least one is turned on.)4.
          Click Run.  Your crossdate window will
    appear again, and the Weiserjahre crossdate will be included.  If
    you kept the T-score, trend, and D-score algorithms turned on,
    click Next 3 times to see the first
    Weiserjahre cross.R-ValueR-ValueThe r-value, or correlation coefficient,
  is a crossdate which you'll almost never use.  It's not terribly
  useful to dendrochronologists - but statisticians might want to know
  its value, so Corina makes it available.If you go back and look at Procedure&#xA0;5.1,
  the second-to-last line says "r = ...".  That's the r-value.
  The t-score is defined in terms of the r-value and the overlap, N.
  An r-value can range from 0.0 (no correlation) to 1.0 (perfect
  correlation).Because the R-value crossdate is not generally useful by
itself, it's not turned on by default in Corina.Procedure&#xA0;5.3.&#xA0;To run an R-value crossdate:1.
          Start to run a crossdate as you normally would.  You'll
  see the T-score results.2.
          Choose
    Edit-&gt;Edit Fixed/Moving Lists... (control-E).3.
          The crossdate disappears, and the list of samples and
    algorithms for your crossdate appears.  At the bottom, you'll see
    that the T-score, Trend, and D-score are turned on by default.
    Click the "R-value" checkbox to turn it
    on, too.  (You can turn off any other algorithms you want here, as
    long as at least one is turned on.)4.
          Click Run.  Your crossdate window will
    appear again, and the R-value crossdate will be included.  If
    you kept the T-score, trend, and D-score algorithms turned on,
    click Next 3 times to see the first
    R-value cross.Summary of Crossdating AlgorithmsSummary of Crossdating AlgorithmsIf you've just read about all of the different algorithms for
crossdating, and don't have a lot of experience with running
crossdates, you're probably reeling in shock at this point.  There's
quite a bit of information here, and you're not sure what you need to
know to use Corina effectively.  (A lot of it is there purely for
reference value, I'll admit.)  This Cliff Notes version is:T-ScoreThe standard crossdate - always run this.
    Scores greater than 2.5-3.0 are good.TrendAnother standard crossdate - computes the
    percentage of years with the same trend (going-up- or going-down-ness).
    Scores greater than 60%-70% are good.D-ScoreA combination of the T-score and trend;
    often better than t-score/trend at segregating good scores
    from bad ones.WeiserjahreAn algorithm for crossdating summed samples
    (masters) against single samples; kind of like a trend-for-Weiserjahre-data.
    R-ValueA score which statisticians might ask you for.
    You'll probably never use it on your own (though it's used by Corina
    when computing the t-score, so you already are, in a sense).Other ViewsOther ViewsWRITEME: other views of seqs, saving/printing, how to toggle, ...TablesTablesCorina provides other ways to look at a bunch of crossdates.
  For example, if you have a 1-by-N sequence (or an N-by-N sequence),
  you can look at it in a table.

  -- what a table is, why you'd want it
  -- what you need (1-by-n, all dated correctly)
  -- how to do it (view-&gt;...) / also, how to change back
  -- fixed sample is a popup 
  -- printing, saving, exporting (clipboard?) to word
  -- (does it show the currently-selected algorithms?  it should... -- note that this is how to change the columns)
  -- (can you click the header to change the sort?  how's that change the sequence?)
  -- (can you right-click the header to change the algs?  i suppose so -- this changes the seq.alg)
  -- (can you drag to rearrange?  yeah, this seems reasonable.)
  -- (be sure to include sample row which has N=0 overlap, and point out what it looks like)
  -- (double-click graphs that pair, right?)
  -- (do i have a "Graph All" button?  it would be nice.)
  -- (are sig scores hilited?  they should be.)
  ...
  Table&#xA0;5.4.&#xA0;Crossdating Table for ZKB-9SampleRangeT-ScoreOverlapTrendD-ScoreABC-11001-10503.455077.2%93.8DEF-71001-10503.455077.2%93.8GridsGrids***Just as it's easier to see at a glance how a couple
  of samples crossdate by looking at highest t-scores in the summary
  tab, sometimes you want to see at a glance how well a whole set of
  samples crossdate with each other &#x2014; an entire site, for
  example.  Grids...***...as tables are 1-by-n views, grids are n-by-n views.
  put all of the fixed samples down the left(?) side, and the moving
  samples across the top(?), and in each cell of the grid, that's
  the crossdate between them.  but since A x B is the same as B x A,
  the grid is only half of a complete rectangle -- the bottom
  triangular half.
  -- what's in each grid cell (selected algs)
  -- sig scores hilited -- what constitutes sig here?
  -- double-click to graph; also "Graph All" button?
  -- there is no "grid.png" -- either make one, or make a real table here
  -- how to save (just .xdate?), print (n-by-n pages), export (word?)
  -- (batch mode: deal with xdate files: create, output tables/grids as HTML, etc.)
  GraphingGraphingWRITEMEMappingMappingWRITEMESaving CrossdatesSaving CrossdatesWRITEME
-- .xdate extension?
-- any view (normal/table/grid)
-- how (cmd-S)
Printing CrossdatesPrinting CrossdatesWRITEME
-- any view (pick?)
-- how (cmd-P)
Chapter&#xA0;6.&#xA0;IndexingChapter&#xA0;6.&#xA0;IndexingChapter&#xA0;6.&#xA0;IndexingThe ProblemThe ProblemTrees tend to put on big rings when they're young, and
    smaller rings when they get older.  (People do, too: you grew a
    lot more the first year you were alive than the tenth.)  Some
    trees put on very large rings, while others put on very small
    rings.  These variations in growth can make it difficult to
    crossdate samples.After all, you don't care about the absolute width of a ring
    ("Ring #34 is 0.36mm wide") as much as you care about its relative
    width ("Ring #34 is only 36% of normal").This is what indexing is for.  Indexing is a manipulation you
    can perform on your data to make it easier to crossdate.Procedure&#xA0;6.1.&#xA0;Indexing in a nutshell1.
          You open a sample (raw data)2.
          You ask Corina to index it3.
          Corina shows you some possible curves4.
          You pick a curve (based on its graph, statistical
                  scores, and your expectation of how the tree
                  is growing)5.
          Corina converts each year's ring width to a ratio of
                  actual growth to expected growth for that year6.
          You save the sample (indexed data) to a new fileWRITEME: (why we need it, when to use it)UnitsIndexing changes the units of a
      dataset.  A raw sample has units of hundredths of a
      millimeter (0.01 mm).  An indexed sample has units of
      parts per thousand (0.1%, or
      &#x2030;).This doesn't cause a problem with crossdating.  The
      t-score normalizes all samples as part of its test, and the
      trend only cares if the values are increasing or decreasing.
      (The other crossdates are based on these.)  For more
      information, see
      Crossdating.It does cause a problem with summing, however, since
      summing needs to take the average.  (What's the average of 1mm
      and 75%?)  Therefore, the samples in a sum must be either all
      raw, or all indexed.  For more information, see
      Summing.How to Index a SampleHow to Index a SampleIndexing a sample in Corina is straightforward.Procedure&#xA0;6.2.&#xA0;To index a sample:1.
          Open the sample with
	File-&gt;Open... (control-O)2.
          Choose
        Manipulate-&gt;Index... (control-I).

        (If it's dimmed, that means the sample is already indexed.
        Open the original raw data and re-index that.  This is why you
        should always keep your raw data!)3.
          Click on an index.  Take a look at how the curve compares to
	your data by clicking Preview; close
        the graph when you're done looking.4.
          When you've decided which index to use, select it, and
	click OK5.
          Save the indexed sample with
	File-&gt;Save As... (control-shift-S).
	You should usually use the same filename, but ending with
        .IND to indicate that it's
	indexed.***how to pick: read on...Things that can go wrong:&#x2022;If the Index menuitem is dimmed, that means the sample
	is already indexed.  Open the original raw data and index
	that.  (Always keep your raw data!)  If
	you know it's raw data and for some reason Corina thinks
	it's indexed, go to the metadata tab and change the
	"Format" field to "Raw".&#x2022;(if it's a bad index)TipIf you want to index several samples at once, use the
      file browser.  Select all the
      samples, and choose
      Manipulate-&gt;Index....ExponentialExponentialBy far the most common index you'll use is the exponential.
    9 times out of 10 this will be the best choice.  And there's a
    good reason: this matches how you would expect a tree to grow.
    Trees start out growing quickly, and gradually slow down.If you're not sure which to use, you'll probably
      never get in trouble for choosing an exponential index.   You'll use this one almost all the
      time.This index tries to fit an equation of the formEquation&#xA0;6.1.&#xA0;Exponential Curvey = a + be-pxto your data, searching for the best values of a, b, and p.

    Note
      This is sometimes called a "negative exponential" index,
      because the exponent is negative.  (Corina doesn't require
      that the exponent is negative, but if it's not, using this index
      probably isn't such a good idea; it means the tree is generally
      getting bigger, not smaller.)
      
    The least-squares algorithm used comes from [CLR];
    the matrix solving function comes from [vanLoan].
    Sometimes the exponential index does a lousy job.  If a tree
      is living in a crowded area and the trees around it get cut
      down, suddenly it has much better growing conditions, so it
      might grow faster as it gets older, instead of slower.  If you
      tried to use an exponential curve on a tree like this, it would
      exaggerate this growth, and useful data would get flattened
      out.The result is you're looking at the growing conditions
      of this one tree, so it's not going to crossdate as
      well.Or imagine a tree with a fire scar that has a few very large
      rings.  An exponential index wouldn't take much notice of this,
      because most of the sample is still shaped like an exponential
      curve, but when you applied it they would be grossly out of
      proportion.  For these types of samples, there are other
      indexing algorithms available.PolynomialPolynomialAnother way to index a sample is to use a polynomial.
    Corina tries to fit a polynomial to your data:Equation&#xA0;6.2.&#xA0;Polynomial Curvey = anxn +
                an-1xn-1 +
                &#x2026; +
                a2x2 +
                a1x +
                a0(You decide what degree polynomial, n, to use, and
    Corina automatically finds the best values of
    a0,
    a1, &#x2026;,
    an to fit your data.)WRITEME: examples of a polynomial curve on some dataWRITEME: where the algorithm came fromHorizontal LineHorizontal LineA special case of polynomial to use is a horizontal line,
    equal to the average value.  Why would you want to do this?  Not
    for crossdating: dividing each value by the same value
    doesn't change the shape of the curve, only its magnitude.
    Remember*** (LINK?) that every element in a sum must use
    the same units, either raw or indexed.  If you have a sample you
    wouldn't otherwise want to index, and you want to put it
    in a sum with other indexed files, you could use a horizontal
    index.WRITEME: y = x_{avg}WRITEME: algorithm, or at least link to refAdaptiveAdaptiveAdaptive is the "last-resort" index.  If an
    exponential doesn't work, and a high-degree polynomial
    doesn't work, adaptive might be the way to go.  It's
    simply the average of the 11 surrounding years:Equation&#xA0;6.3.&#xA0;Adaptive Indexindi = 1/11
            (datai-5 +
             datai-4 +
             &#x2026; +
             datai+4 +
             datai+5)As far as I can tell, it was first used for dendro by
    [Pohl95] in the original Corina.NoteThis index was originally called floating
      average, probably in reference to the fact that the
      index curve "floats" around, not following any explicit
      y=f(x)-type formula.  But people tended to call it
      floating, and then
      floating-point, which means something very
      different.  You might still hear people calling this index by
      these other names.High-Pass FilterHigh-Pass FilterThe high-pass index is a more general case of the adaptive
    index.  Instead of simply taking the average of 11 values, it
    takes a weighted average.  It's an example of a
    "high-pass" filter because
    high-frequency signals
    can pass through, but low-frequency signals
    are filtered out.The default is "1-2-4-2-1", meaning:

Equation&#xA0;6.4.&#xA0;High-Pass Indexindi = 1/10 (datai-2 + 2&#x22C5;datai-1 + 4&#x22C5;datai + 2&#x22C5;datai+1 + datai+2)

    (The 1/10 comes from 10 = 1+2+4+2+1.)This comes from [Cook81], who used it as a
      discrete filter before moving to a cubic
      spline.Note that almost half (4/10) of the computed index value is
      simply its old value.  The high-pass index is nearly the same as
      the input, so the &#x3C7;&#xB2; values are usually the lowest.
      But don't choose this index just because of the low
      &#x3C7;&#xB2;.Cubic SplineCubic SplineCubic splines are technically high-pass filters, as well,
    but they're a very specific type.A cubic spline is a curve made by piecing together a bunch
    of cubic (3rd degree polynomial) functions.A cubic spline, fit to some dataOf course, there's more than one way to construct a cubic
    spline through a dataset.  The algorithm Corina uses has a
    parameter, s, which controls how
    tightly the spline fits the data.  A lower value fits the data
    more tightly; a higher value fits the data more loosely.
    s=0 fits the data exactly, while
    s=1 is simply a line.  A good
    starting point for dendro data seems to be around
    s=1e-16.Figure&#xA0;6.1.&#xA0;A cubic spline, s=10-14Figure&#xA0;6.2.&#xA0;A cubic spline, s=10-16Figure&#xA0;6.3.&#xA0;A cubic spline, s=10-18It was first used for dendro by [Cook81],
    using an algorithm from [Reinsch67].You can change the s-value used for the cubic spline in the
    preferences.  (In the future you
    will be able to adjust the shape of the spline directly.)You might use a cubic spline in the same cases you'd use a
    high-pass filter: when the sample doesn't generally follow an
    exponential or polynomial curve very well.  For example, if it has
    a fire scar or something that causes a large spike you want to
    eliminate.The &#x3C7;&#xB2; and &#x3C1; ValuesThe &#x3C7;&#xB2; and &#x3C1; ValuesCorina can't tell you which indexing curve to use.
    You have to decide yourself, generally based on how they look.
    But Corina does provide a couple of statistics which may help
    you decide: the &#x3C7;&#xB2; test, and the correlation coefficient
    (&#x3C1;).If you don't have any reason not to, use the exponential
    index.The &#x3C7;&#xB2; testThe &#x3C7;&#xB2; test&#x3C7;&#xB2; is defined as:Equation&#xA0;6.5.&#xA0;Definition of &#x3C7;&#xB2;&#x3C7;&#xB2; = &#x2211; (curvei - datai)&#xB2; / N(One way to think of &#x3C7;&#xB2;: it's the average
    difference between the indexing curve and your data, with each
    term squared so keep it positive.)VariantsAt least one book I've seen says &#x3C7;&#xB2; is this sum,
      and at least one says it's merely
&#x2211; (curvei - datai)&#xB2;.
      I suppose either one could be considered correct.  I think it's
      easier to deal with if &#x3C7;&#xB2; is independent of the length
      of the sample, so that's what I'm using for now.Example&#xA0;6.1.&#xA0;What's a good value?Suppose you have a sample that's 200 years long, and
	at each year the index is about 30 (hundredths of a
	millimeter) off from the sample.

&#x3C7;&#xB2; = 1/200 &#x2211;200 30&#xB2; = 200 &#x22C5; 900 / 200 = 900

      This isn't an unusual value.  It will tend to be lower
      for complacent samples, or when using indexing curves that
      follow the data very closely.As you can see from this, the square root of the
      &#x3C7;&#xB2; value is approximately the average difference
      between the actual data and the indexing curve.Correlation Coefficient, or &#x3C1;Correlation Coefficient, or &#x3C1;The correlation coefficient, &#x3C1;, is defined by:Equation&#xA0;6.6.&#xA0;Correlation Coefficientz1 = &#x2211; (datai - dataavg)&#xB2;z2 = &#x2211; (datai - dataavg)&#xB2;z3 = &#x2211; (datai - dataavg)&#xB2;&#x3C1; = z3 / &#x221A;(z1 z2)Sound familiar?Corina uses the correlation coefficient in crossdating,
      too.  There, it's called the r-value.
      What's a good &#x3C1;?  &#x3C1;=1 means "perfectly
    correlated", or, the indexing curve matches your data exactly.
    (&#x3C1;=-1 is a perfect inverse correlation, but those never
    happen -- RIGHT?)  &#x3C1;=0 is no correlation at all.  Closer to
    1 is generally better.  The &#x3C1; is listed as simply a "-" if
    it's undefined (z1 or
    z2 is zero, in the above equation),
    It is possible to take this too far.  You don't want
    &#x3C7;&#xB2;=0.  If you had a curve like that, it would index
    your data to a perfectly flat line, which is useless.  An index
    is a type of filter you apply to your data, and filters
    remove signal from your data.  Usually you
    remove low-frequency (very broad) trends, and preserve the
    high-frequency (year-to-year) signal, which helps when
    crossdating samples of different ages.  But you have to be
    careful you aren't removing the signal you're trying to
    see.Regional Growth Curves, or Proxy DataRegional Growth Curves, or Proxy Data
      -- here's what it is...

      ...[Briffa92]...

      -- here's why you'd want to do it...  (ok, i give up, i have no idea why)
    -- Here's what the computer does:&#x2022;it takes a sum of raw samples: you supply this;
	it's typically a sum of other samples from the same site
	or region&#x2022;that sum is used to compute the indexing curveIn Corina the "Regional Growth Curves" are
      called "Proxy Data," because one dataset (the sum)
      takes the place of the sample's own data when computing
      the indexing curve.Here's how to do it:Procedure&#xA0;6.3.&#xA0;How to use proxy data:1.
          Open the sample2.
          Choose
	Manipulate-&gt;Index... (control-I).3.
          Click the "Use Proxy
	Data" checkbox; the popup menu becomes
	active.  It contains the entries:
	&#x2022;This sample, itself.  When this is selected, it
	    uses your sample for the index, so this is the same as not
	    using proxy data option.&#x2022;All of the sums in the same folder as this sample,
	    because these are the most likely proxy data to be used.
	    (Currently, it does this simply by listing all files which
	    end with .SUM; in
	    the future, it should actually list all sums, regardless
	    of name.&#x2022;The option is "Other...", which
	    lets you choose any sample for the proxy data, in case you
	    want to use a master in a different folder, or a
	    non-summed sample.4.
          Choose your proxy data &#x2014; you'll get a warning
	if it doesn't cover at least the years covered by your
	sample.  The &#x3C7;&#xB2; values are automatically updated.
	(They're going to be higher than normal, because the
	indexing curves are being computed to a different
	dataset.)5.
          Click Preview to view it
	and OK to apply as you normally
	wouldChapter&#xA0;7.&#xA0;SummingChapter&#xA0;7.&#xA0;SummingChapter&#xA0;7.&#xA0;SummingMaster ChronologiesMaster ChronologiesSumming is how you take individual samples and construct
chronologies; it's an average of several samples.***WRITEME: terminology: sum/master - doesn't belong here, but where?WRITEME: on the need to redate samples firstThe data of a master is the average (mean), at each year, of each
element that has data for that year.  Their units, then, must match,
so you can't have both raw (hundredths-of-a-millimeter) and
indexed (parts-per-thousand) elements in the same sum: if one sample
is indexed, they must all be indexed.  (If you really don't want
to index an element, take a look at the Horizontal index.)A sum also has count, which is also one
number per year.  It's the number of elements that have data for
that year.A sum also has Weiserjahre data.
Weiserjahre data for a year is the number of samples whose data are
increasing or decreasing for that year.  Weiserjahre is commonly shown
as a/b, where there
are a elements increasing
and b elements decreasing.
The / means that this is not a
significant interval.  A significant interval is
one with at least 4 samples, and at least 75% of the trends in
agreement; they're shown
as a*b.NoteThe sum of the two Weiserjahre values
  won't always equal the count, for two reasons.  The first
  interval of a sum always has
  Weiserjahre 0/0, because there was
  no previous year to compare to, but count 1.  Also, it's
  possible the data between 2 years stayed the same, and Weiserjahre
  only counts increases and decreases.
  The status bar, at the bottom of every editor window, shows the
data, count, and Weiserjahre data for the current year.  When you
graph a sum, it will display both the data and count, as well.WRITEME--range: (union), no gapsYou can cause elements to be summed by Corina in two ways: by
creating a new sum, or re-computing an existing sum.Making a New SumMaking a New SumProcedure&#xA0;7.1.&#xA0;How to create a new sum:1.
          Choose
    File-&gt;New Sum...2.
          For each element you want to have in the sum, locate it,
    select it, and click Add3.
          Click OK4.
          A new editor window will appear with your sum; on the Metadata
  tab, enter a title for this sum5.
          Enter any other metadata for this sum, such as comments6.
          Choose
    File-&gt;Save As... (control-shift-S);
    use an .SUM extension for your filenameRebuilding a SumRebuilding a SumWRITEME: re-summingWRITEME: why you'd re-sum: data changed in elements, disabling elements, add/rem elementsProcedure&#xA0;7.2.&#xA0;How to re-sum a master:1.
          Open the sum with
	  File-&gt;Open... (control-O)2.
          Choose
	  Sum-&gt;Re-Sum3.
          Save the sum with
	  File-&gt;Save (control-S)There's one more thing to watch out for when making a sum.  When you select a
summed sample as an element of a sum, it won't just use its data: it will add
each of the elements that make up that sum.  ***but only 1 level of indirection:
sums of sums of sums won't go all the way down!CleaningCleaningThe opposite of summing is cleaning.
  Cleaning takes a sum and destroys all evidence that it's a sum: the
  count, Weiserjahre, and elements are removed.Why would you want to do this?  Remember that when you use a sum as the
element of a new sum, it doesn't use that sum's data, but rather each
of the elements of that sum.  Cleaning prevents this.  If you have 3
samples which you know are all from the same tree, for example, you should
sum them and clean this sum; otherwise, this tree would count 3 times in
any sum made with this data.Procedure&#xA0;7.3.&#xA0;To clean a sum:1.
          Open the sum with
	  File-&gt;Open... (control-O)2.
          Choose
	  Sum-&gt;Clean3.
          Save the sum with
	  File-&gt;Save As... (control-shift-S)The current convention is to end sums with ".SUM," and cleaned versions ending
with ".CLN," so use
"Save as..." instead of
"Save" to save your new sum.
This way there's always a clean version available, and also an
original sum, in case you want to change the elements.  If any of the
elements are changed, remember to re-sum and re-make the cleaned
file.Chapter&#xA0;8.&#xA0;File FormatsChapter&#xA0;8.&#xA0;File FormatsChapter&#xA0;8.&#xA0;File Formats!!! - Another Fine Mess...!!! - Another Fine Mess...In the beginning there were
punchcards [http://www.fireinthevalley.com/fitv_pictures_m6.html].
People in Tucson [http://www.ltrr.arizona.edu/] used them
to store tree-ring data.  Later, punchcards went out of style, but (***why there are so many file formats)WRITEME: - how corina deals with them(BASICALLY 3 types: tucson and variants, other dendro programs' types, and
types for interfacing with non-dendro statistical programs.&#x2022;Corina uses Corina format natively, and its features
map perfectly to Corina's***(kept up-to-date), so you should use
this for almost all of your work in Corina&#x2022;Every dendro program ever written knows Tucson
format, so if you're giving data to somebody using another
program, he'll probably want Tucson, and if you're
receiving data from somebody using another program, he'll
probably send Tucson.  The [ITRDB] uses Tucson
exclusively, as well.&#x2022;If you're moving data between Corina and a
non-dendro program, like a graphics or statistical program (say,
Excel), they'll only understand the
plain 2-column format&#x2022;All the other formats you'll only need if
somebody sends you data in their own format, which is to say, rarely,
if everHow Corina Handles FilesHow Corina Handles FilesCorina always saves in Corina format.  (why)(how to override, with export -- see below)Corina loads...WRITEME: what formats corina supportsExportingExportingBecause Corina always saves files in Corina format, if you
want to save data a format for another dendro program to read, you'll
need to export it.  That's what the Export dialog is for.Procedure&#xA0;8.1.&#xA0;To Export a Sample to Another Format:1.
          Choose
	  File-&gt;Export...2.
          Choose the format you want from the popup menu.  When you select
  a new format, the text box in the middle shows a preview of what the
  output file will look like.3.
          Click OK.4.
          The standard file chooser appears, and you can pick a name
  and location for your file.***WRITEME: how do i know which format to use?Getting data in and outGetting data in and outThis section describes a number of situations, and the easiest way
to get data from point A to point B.Removed:This section was temporarily removed because
it may be causing problems with PDF creation.TucsonTucsonTucson is a direct descendent of the original punchcard format.
(It's sometimes called "decadal" format, though that may also refer to
any format with 10 data values per line.)  This means that every
program can read and write it, but it also means it has very few
features.Because it originally had so few features, every dendro program
extends it just a little, usually in undocumented ways.  Corina
tries to interpret the data as best it can, but might not read all of
the metadata, for example.Samples that start before the year 1:Tucson files can't handle data going before the year 1.  Some
labs add 8000 to the dates of all samples to temporarily avoid this
problem.  Corina will first try to save the sample as it's dated,
then tries adding 8000; if both of those fail, it saves the sample
starting at year 1001.  Be sure to check files you export to Tucson
format if you're dealing with samples dated to before year 1.Tucson "raw" files simply store the name and ID number of the
file, the years it covers, and the width of each ring:Example&#xA0;8.1.&#xA0;Tucson raw format
Kalkim Forest 10BA                                                              ABSOL
917102  1617   414   376   471
917102  1620   592   350   180   238   336   432   465   418   424   468
917102  1630   419   509   539   512   397   403   348   316   378   381
917102  1640   362   414   333   318   352   269   401   410   380   314
917102  1650   281   222   329   333   209   234   242   262   214   228
917102  1660   157   179   206   211   188   247   190   127   217   296
917102  1670   273   212   261   213   200   167   158   143   999
The word "ABSOL" or "RELAT", depending
  on whether the sample is absolutely or relatively dated.  The first
  letter starts in the 81st column.Datasets always end with the fake
  value 999.Summed filesSummed filesWRITEME: tucson summed format; no native indexed-but-not-summed; 800 ruleExtra fieldsExtra fieldsSome Tucson files may have extra fields on the end with
additional statistics.  They hold:

&#x2022;number of years&#x2022;first order autocorrelation&#x2022;standard deviation&#x2022;mean sensitivity&#x2022;mean index value&#x2022;sum of indices&#x2022;sum of squares of indices&#x2022;max of series

Corina doesn't save these fields, and it ignores them when loading
Tucson files.  A couple of them are already displayed automatically
(number of years, mean sensitivity).Packed Tucson filesPacked Tucson filesThe [ITRDB] uses what I call "packed" Tucson
files.  The folks at Tucson thought: a Tucson file is just a bunch of
lines, each beginning with the sample's ID number.  So we don't need
to keep them in separate files: we can simply smash a bunch of Tucson
files together without losing any data22Assuming your ID
numbers are unique..  Since the primary interface to
the ITRDB is anonymous FTP, they wanted to minimize the number of
files available.  Their 6-digit ID numbers don't allow many samples
per site, at Cornell we only use packed Tucson files when submitting
data to or downloading data from the ITRDB.Bug:In the future, Corina will allow you
to pack and unpack Tucson files from the file browser.  Currently, you
have to unpack them by hand.  If you want to pack some files, make a
new sum from all of them, and export them; "Packed Tucson" will be one
of the format options available.Procedure&#xA0;8.2.&#xA0;To pack Tucson files together to submit to the ITRDB:1.
          Select all of the files in the browser.  (They'll need to
all be in the same folder - since one folder represents one site, and
a packed file should only contain samples from one site, this
shouldn't be a problem.)2.
          Choose
  File-&gt;Pack Files
3.
          A new file, called "Untitled Packed File.tuc"(??)(.crn?)
will appear, and be selected.  You should rename it to an appropriate
name before uploading it.Procedure&#xA0;8.3.&#xA0;To unpack Tucson files you've downloaded from the ITRDB:1.
          Select the file in the Corina browser.2.
          Choose
  File-&gt;Unpack File
  3.
          A new folder will be created, with the same name as your
file (e.g., "blah.crn" =&gt; "blah/" -- what if it has no extension?
...f?).  Inside it will be all of the samples...Two-ColumnTwo-ColumnTwo-column data holds the least data (it doesn't save any
metadata), but it's also the simplest, so it's great for transferring
data to and from statistical or graphing programs which can't read
dendro files.  When you use
  Edit-&gt;Copy (control-C)
in the editor, it puts your data on the clipboard in two-column
format.Actually, "two-column" is a misnomer.  It's as many columns as
you have data.  If you're exporting a raw sample, it's two columns:
year and data.  A summed file is three columns: year, data, and
count.Example&#xA0;8.2.&#xA0;Two-column format 
1617 414
1618 376
1619 471
1620 592
1621 350
1622 180
1623 238
1624 336
CorinaCorinaOf all of the file formats Corina supports, this format is
best-supported and has the most features.  Unless you're just trying
out Corina and still have all of your data in another format, you'll
normally store all of your data in this format.The top of a Corina file holds all of the metadata.  For a list
of all the metadata, that section of the
manual.  Notes:&#x2022;The labels are just as you see them; they're all
   uppercase for backwards-compatibility, but Corina will accept
   either case.  As you can see, it's a semicolon, a tag, a space, and
   some text.&#x2022;Corina always writes the metadata in this order,
   on these lines, for backwards-compatibility, but will accept tags
   in any order, in any number of lines.&#x2022;Since semicolons are the start of a new tag,
   semicolons aren't allowed in the text of any field.  Empty fields
   are also not allowed.***list tag names, and valid values for each (;PITH N,P,?)***on bad value, corina asks user.Note:In the following example, the symbol &#x2423; is used to indicate
a space which otherwise wouldn't be visible.  For example, the line


;ELEMENTS&#x2423;


means a line containing a semicolon, the word ELEMENTS, and a
space. I'll only use this character when a space wouldn't otherwise be
visible (like at the end of a line), or when it's important to show
how many spaces there are (like when you need exactly 3 spaces in the
middle of a line).Example&#xA0;8.3.&#xA0;Corina format
Kalkim Forest 10BA

;ID 917102;NAME Kalkim Forest 10BA;DATING A;UNMEAS_PRE 1;UNMEAS_POST 1
;FILENAME G:\DATA\FOREST\KLK\KLK10BA.REC
;TYPE S;SPECIES ALSP;FORMAT R;SAPWOOD 0;PITH N
;TERMINAL v;CONTINUOUS R;QUALITY +
;RECONCILED Y

;DATA&#x2423;&#x2423;&#x2423;&#x2423;&#x2423;&#x2423;&#x2423;&#x2423;&#x2423;
 1617                                             414   376   471
                                                    [1]   [1]   [1]
 1620   592   350   180   238   336   432   465   418   424   468
          [1]   [1]   [1]   [1]   [1]   [1]   [1]   [1]   [1]   [1]
 1630   419   509   539   512   397   403   348   316   378   381
          [1]   [1]   [1]   [1]   [1]   [1]   [1]   [1]   [1]   [1]
***cross -1/+1 year!
***last line
***9990

;ELEMENTS&#x2423;
G:\DATA\file1.rec
G:\DATA\file2.rec
*G:\DATA\file3.rec
G:\DATA\file4.rec

;weiserjahre11
 1011   0/1      1/0      1/0      0/1      0/1      1/0      1/0      0/1      0/1&#x2423;&#x2423;&#x2423;
 1020   1/0      0/1      0/1      1/0      1/0      1/0      0/1      1/0      0/1      1/0&#x2423;&#x2423;&#x2423;
 1030   0/1      0/1      1/0      1/0      0/1      1/0      0/1      1/0      0/1      0/1&#x2423;&#x2423;&#x2423;
 1040   0/1      1/0      1/0      0/1      0/1      0/1      1/0      1/0      0/1      1/0&#x2423;&#x2423;&#x2423;

~ Don Knuth12
The first line of the file contains
   the title.  This is repeated a second time later in the file.
   (When loading a file, Corina ignores this first title line, and
   reads the title from the ;NAME tag.)  The idea was probably to make
   it easy (for both people and programs) to identify a file
   quickly.The "data" tag starts the data
   section.  For historical reasons, the word "DATA" is followed by 9
   spaces, though Corina doesn't require this.The start year of the sample; this
   *** Data values, one per year.  The
   rightmost digit of each value should line up vertically.  Each
   column of data is 6 digits wide.  Units are hundredths of a
   millimeter (0.01 mm) for raw files, and parts-per-thousand (0.1%)
   for indexed files.Below each data value is the
   "count", or how many elements of the sum had data that year.  It's
   surrounded by square brackets.  Even raw files have count: it's
   simply always 1.The last line is un-indented by
   3***? characters.After the last value, there's a
   9990 value.  Historically, this marked the end of the sample, but
   it's no longer needed.A master holds a list of the
   files which were summed together to create it.  The ELEMENTS tag
   indicates the start of this section.  Raw files don't need an
   ELEMENTS section.The filenames of the
   elements which make up this master follow the ELEMENTS line, one
   filename per line.  They should be complete filenames, including
   any folders the file is in e.g., "G:\DATA\FOREST\KLK\KLK10AB.REC",
   and not simply "KLK10AB.REC".If any filename line
   starts with an asterisk (*), it indicates an "inactive" element.
   You can temporarily remove an element from a sum by deactivating
   it, in the elements tab.11The "weiserjahre" tag marks
   the start of the Weiserjahre section.  For backwards-compatibility,
   this tag (unlike the others) is lowercase. *** spacing!
   (ick!)12A tilde ("~") indicates the last
   line of the file. Following that is the author of this
   sample.Bug:Corina should be able to store
semicolons in text - perhaps escape them somehow (";;"?).  Disallowing
semicolons is a dumb restriction.Bug:Corina should handle empty fields
properly, too.  It won't save any new files this way, but it shouldn't
fail if it sees a file with ";SAPWOOD ;" - it's obvious what this
means.HeidelbergHeidelbergI believe this format was created by Frank Rinn; I don't know
that it has a name, so I call it the "Heidelberg" format.  This may be
the default format for his [TSAP] program.Corina's support for this format is minimal: it will load and
save raw data, but not metadata, and it assumes all files are
summed.Example&#xA0;8.4.&#xA0;Heidelberg format
HEADER:
DateEnd=1998
Length=382
DATA:Chrono
  414    0    0    0  376    0    0    0  471    0    0    0  592    0    0    0
  350    0    0    0  180    0    0    0  238    0    0    0  336    0    0    0
  432    0    0    0  465    0    0    0  418    0    0    0  424    0    0    0
  468    0    0    0  419    0    0    0  509    0    0    0  539    0    0    0
    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0 
Now, an explanation:Example&#xA0;8.5.&#xA0;Heidelberg format, with annotations
HEADER:
DateEnd=1998
Length=382
DATA:Chrono
  414    0    0    0  376    0    0    0  471    0    0    0  592    0    0    0
  350    0    0    0  180    0    0    0  238    0    0    0  336    0    0    0
  432    0    0    0  465    0    0    0  418    0    0    0  424    0    0    0
  468    0    0    0  419    0    0    0  509    0    0    0  539    0    0    0
    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0    0
The line HEADER: indicates that this is a Heidelberg file.The year of the last data value.The number of data values.The data section.  (Are there other kinds of data?)Each year has 4 numbers: ring width, number of samples,
    number of increasing samples, and number of decreasing samples.
    (For raw files, Corina simply uses 0 for the last 3 of these.)
    Each is right-aligned in 5-character-wide columns.The end of the file is marked by four zeroes.  Also, every
    line of data is the same width, so if the last line has fewer than
    4 years of data, extra zeroes are added to make it the same width
    as the other lines.HohenheimHohenheimWRITEMEExample&#xA0;8.6.&#xA0;Hohenheim format sample
+                                                                            
.                                                382  1617  1998               
 414 376 471 592 350 180 238 336 432 465
 418 424 468 419 509 539 512 397 403 348
 316 378 381 362 414 333 318 352 269 401
 410 380 314 281 222 329 333 209 234 242
 262 214 228 157 179 206 211 188 247 190
 127 217 296 273 212 261 213 200 167 158
TSAPTSAPI don't know where this TSAP format came from.  I don't think
it's the default format of TSAP files, but I'm not sure.  I found some
files whose first line is
TSAP-MATRIX-FORMAT, so here you go.
They all had the extension .OUT, so I suspect it may be
TSAP saving in a simple format for
exporting to other programs.Since this doesn't appear to be a native format for even
TSAP, there's probably no reason to save
files in this format.  If you run across a file that looks like this,
though, you'll be able to open it normally.A file in this format looks like:Example&#xA0;8.7.&#xA0;TSAP Matrix sample
TSAP-MATRIX-FORMAT

    Year,       100 Val        100 Nos        100 Nois       100 Nods
    1617,            414,              1,              0,              0
    1618,            376,              1,              0,              0
    1619,            471,              1,              0,              0
    1620,            592,              1,              0,              0
    1621,            350,              1,              0,              0
The year; this format uses a
  zero-year system, i.e., what TSAP calls
  -5 is really 6 BC, not 5 BC as in Corina.The width of this ring.
  ("Value")The number of elements that have data
  for this year.  ("Number of Samples")The number of samples increasing this
  year.  ("Number of Increasing Samples")The number of samples decreasing this
  year.  ("Number of Decreasing Samples")I've only ever seen summed files in this format; I don't know
how raw files are stored, if differently.  (Corina exports raw
samples to TSAP Matrix format by pretending they're a sum consisting
of one sample.)Bug:If the first line is corrupt, as seems
to often happen, it won't load properly.  For example,
/^C^E Val /^C^E Nos /^C^E Nois/^C^E
NodsRanges-OnlyRanges-OnlyThis is an output-only format, and only usable for summed files
that have elements.  It saves each element's title, and with its
starting year, ending year, and length, separated by tabs, one element
per line.  It doesn't save any ring-width data.  You might use this
format, for example, if you wanted to make a bargraph in a statistical
program or a spreadsheet.Bug:Corina doesn't add a header line, or
write the length - yet.Example&#xA0;8.8.&#xA0;Ranges-only sample
Title                             Start  End    Length
Zonguldak, Karabuk 1A IND         1857   1985   129
Zonguldak, Karabuk 3A IND         1761   1951   191
Zonguldak, Karabuk 4A IND         1699   1978   280
SpreadsheetSpreadsheetThe spreadsheet format is also output-only, and also only used
for summed files with an Elements tab.  It saves one line per year,
with each column holding the data from one element.  It's sort
of like 2-column format, but for any number of samples.  If you wanted
to export all the data from a master to a spreadsheet
like Excel, this is the format to
use.Example&#xA0;8.9.&#xA0;Spreadsheet format sample
Year ALTO DE LAS MESAS	EL ASIENTO, ACONCAGUA (STANDARD)	AUCHNALCAS	SAN GABRIEL (STANDARD)
1011 1346 
1012 1278 
1013 1536 
1014 1983 
1015 1774 
1016 1611 
1017 1637 
Chapter&#xA0;9.&#xA0;PreferencesChapter&#xA0;9.&#xA0;PreferencesChapter&#xA0;9.&#xA0;PreferencesRationaleRationaleCorina allows each user to set
preferences, to control the appearance and behavior of the program.
This came about for various reasons:System configurationSome aspects of
    our particular lab/installation aren't relevant to anybody else,
    like the folder that datasets are stored in.  It would be foolish
    to make these a permanent part of
    Corina, because we don't want to
    discourage other people from using
    Corina.  (Example: data directory.)TastePeople have strange tastes.
    (Example: graphpaper color.)Bugs in JavaSun's implementation of
    Java has a number of bugs, especially in Swing on Windows, and
    especially before version 1.4 (and possibly after that, as well).
    For example, it would ignore the system settings for colors and
    fonts, so Corina has preferences to
    override these in some cases.  (Example: menubar font.)Bugs in CorinaTruth be told,
    Corina has bugs, and some of them are
    easier to work around in the short term by adding preferences.
    Some experimental algorithms have paramaters that users might
    conceivably want to tweak, and it's simpler to add an entry to the
    preferences screen than add a proper control to change it.
    (Example: cubic spline s-value.)  Eventually, either a good
    default value should be used, or a proper control (discoverable,
    and documented) should be added.Procedure&#xA0;9.1.&#xA0;To access the preferences dialog:1.
          If you're on a Mac, choose
    Corina-&gt;Preferences...2.
          If you're on Windows or Linux, choose
    Edit-&gt;Preferences...All changes you make to your preferences should take effect as
soon as you change them, and also remain in effect for future sessions.Editor PreferencesEditor PreferencesBackground colorWRITEMEText colorWRITEMEFont colorWRITEMEDraw GridlinesWRITEMESerial PortWRITEMECrossdate PreferencesCrossdate PreferencesWRITEMEWRITEMEGraph PreferencesGraph PreferencesWRITEMEWRITEMEAdvanced PreferencesAdvanced PreferencesOverride User NameIn some situations, Corina might not be able to
        figure out your name correctly.  (Corina uses your name for things
        like printouts.)  If your name isn't listed correctly, that usually
        means your system isn't set up properly.  But if you can't change
        it, or don't know how, you can set your name (for Corina only)
        by using this feature.The Gory DetailsThe Gory DetailsNote:Most users won't need to read this
section.  Only read this if you need to know where
Corina stores user preferences, and how;
for example, if you want to move your preferences from one computer to
another.Corina stores user preferences in a single plain-text
file.The Corina preferences file is
stored:

on Windowsin your home folder, with the name Corina
Preferenceson Macin your home folder, in the Preferences folder inside the Library folder, with the name
Corina Preferenceson Unixin your home folder, with the name
.corina

XXX the format ... field=value, unicode, java escapes, XXX

For complete technical description, see the API
documentation for
java.util.Properties [http://java.sun.com/j2se/1.3/docs/api/java/util/Properties.html].The first time a user runs Corina, it
checks for a preferences file.  If none exists, it creates a default
one.  There is currently no way to create a system-wide preferences
file (though you can put a sample Corina preferences file in the
new-user-skeleton on your system, so new users get a pre-made
preferences file).Chapter&#xA0;10.&#xA0;The AtlasChapter&#xA0;10.&#xA0;The AtlasChapter&#xA0;10.&#xA0;The Atlas
Corina includes an Atlas for managing your sites.  The Atlas
consists of:

&#x2022;a map, which shows you where your sites are,
  and&#x2022;a list of sites, which lets you add, remove, edit,
  and search your sites.

They're assembled side-by-side in one window for convenience.
Showing the MapShowing the MapTo show the map, choose:

  File-&gt;(New) Atlas...

  Editing Site InfoEditing Site InfoTo edit the info for a site, find it in the list of sites and choose

Site-&gt;Get Info... (control-I).

  You'll be presented with a window letting you edit all the info for
  that site.  Most of them should be self-explanitory, but a few notes:&#x2022;"Code" is the alphabetic code for this site, like
  "ZKB"; "ID" is the numeric code for this site, like
  167.&#x2022;You can set the location either by dragging the site
  on the map, or by typing in a latitude and longitude here (for
  example, "41&#xB0;12'N 32&#xB0;37'E").  If you can't type a
  degree sign (&#xB0;) on your keyboard, you can use an asterisk (*)
  instead.&#x2022;The "Country" popup lists all of the countries which
  have been used for other sites so far.  If you need to select a
  country not in the popup, the last entry is "Other...", which lets
  you select any country.Introduction?Introduction?--WRITEMEDisplaying Sites on a MapDisplaying Sites on a MapWRITEMEExporting MapsExporting MapsFor the times when you want to use a map in another document,
Corina lets you export your maps.  You can export a map to:&#x2022;Illustrator, for a poster&#x2022;a web page editor, for a web page&#x2022;PowerPoint, for a presentation&#x2022;Word, for a report&#x2022;and probably many other uses I haven't thought ofYou Might Not Need to Read This Section
You don't need to export maps to print them: just choose
File-&gt;Print... (control-P).  Exporting is just for putting maps into other
documents.
To IllustratorTo Illustrator
Adobe Illustrator is a vector graphics program, which means you can
draw line art without ever getting "jaggies".  In addition to its own
file format, it has good support for SVG, an open file format for
vector graphics.  Corina also supports SVG, so putting a map from
Corina into an Illustrator document is really easy.
Procedure&#xA0;10.1.&#xA0;Exporting a map to Illustrator1.
          In Corina, create the map you'd like to
export2.
          In Corina, export the map to SVG with
Export-&gt;SVG..., and pick a filename which ends with .SVG3.
          In Illustrator, open the SVG file you just created, with
File-&gt;Open... (control-O)
You need Illustrator version 9 or newer to load SVG files.

Two other vector-art programs which you might have (which compete with
Illustrator) are Macromedia Freehand and Corel Draw.

Freehand 10 doesn't support SVG.  (They're the guys who wrote Flash,
another vector graphics format used by all the cheesey animations on
the web.  I wouldn't hold my breath on them supporting SVG.)

Corel Draw 11 might support SVG.  I can't tell
by reading their web page, so try it.  Corel does support exporting
SVG, and has their own SVG viewer, so it's quite possible that
Corel Draw does or will soon allow you to import SVG.
To a Web PageTo a Web Page
Web pages are meant to be viewed in a browser on a screen, and screens
are low-resolution devices (compared to printers), so exporting to PNG
for a web page is fine.

A common way to put images on web pages is to have a small thumbnail
of your image in the body of your text, which is itself a link to a
larger version.  So you'll need two versions of each map.  Good sizes
might be 300x200 and 600x400.
Procedure&#xA0;10.2.&#xA0;Exporting a map for a Web Page1.
          In Corina, create the map you'd like to
export2.
          In Corina export the map to a thumbnail PNG, sized
300x200, with
Export-&gt;PNG..., and pick a filename which ends with .PNG3.
          In Corina export the map to a large PNG, sized
600x400, with
Export-&gt;PNG..., and pick a filename which ends with .PNG4.
          Once you have the images, you'll need to reference them
from an HTML file.  A simple version will look something like this:



&lt;a href="map-large.png" alt="Map (large)"&gt;
  &lt;img src="map-small.png" width="300" height="200" align="left"/&gt;
&lt;/a&gt;




Be sure to use "width" and "height" attributes, and be sure they're
correct.  "Align left" tells the web browser to wrap your text around
the thumbnail.

Even your large map won't look very good when printed out.  If you
want to provide a high-resolution map that users can print out, you
should also include a link to a PDF.  (Mac users can choose
Print...***, and click "Save as PDF..."***.  PC users will need to buy
Adobe Acrobat to be able to do this, or export an SVG and save it from
Illustrator.)
To a PowerPoint PresentationTo a PowerPoint Presentation
Microsoft PowerPoint can only import bitmaps like PNG, not vector art
like SVG, but they also need to scale the image to fit on the screen
or to print.  In other words, this is the worst of both worlds.

The best solution I've found is to use large PNG bitmaps, and scale
them down.  It won't look nearly as good as a normal printout, or a
document made in Illustrator, but it's the best that PowerPoint can
do.
Procedure&#xA0;10.3.&#xA0;Exporting a map to PowerPoint1.
          In Corina, create the map you'd like to
export2.
          In Corina export the map to PNG with
Export-&gt;PNG..., and pick a filename which ends with .PNG3.
          In PowerPoint, create a new slide for your map, if you
want it on its own slide.  A blank slide should work
fine.4.
          In PowerPoint, insert your map image using
Insert+Picture-&gt;From File...
You need Microsoft PowerPoint version 97, 2000, or newer for the PC,
or version 98 or v.X or newer for the Mac, to import PNG files.  You
can also use Apple's presentation application, Keynote.  All versions
of Apple Keynote can import PNG.



To a Word DocumentTo a Word Document
Like PowerPoint, Microsoft Word can only import bitmaps like PNG.
Putting a map in a Word document is very similar to putting it in a
PowerPoint presentation.

If you have a PC, you need Word 97 or 2000 or newer for PNGs (Word 6.0
and Word 95 are too old).  If you have a Mac, you need Office 98 or
Word:mac v.X.
Procedure&#xA0;10.4.&#xA0;Exporting a map to Word1.
          In Corina, create the map you'd like to
export2.
          In Corina export the map to PNG with
Export-&gt;PNG..., and pick a filename which ends with .PNG3.
          In Word, insert the PNG file you just created, with
Insert+Picture-&gt;From File...
Of course, if you really wanted high quality publishing, you wouldn't
be using Word; you would be using something PostScript-based, or which
could import SVG files, like Adobe InDesign, or perhaps FrameMaker,
TEX, or DocBook.
Appendix&#xA0;A.&#xA0;ReferencesAppendix&#xA0;A.&#xA0;ReferencesAppendix&#xA0;A.&#xA0;ReferencesThese are sources used by Corina or this book.Bibliography[Baillie73] Tree-Ring Bulletin. 33. M. G. Baillie and J. R. Pilcher. Copyright &#xA9; 1973. &#x201C;A Simple Crossdating Program&#x201D;. 7-14. [Baillie82] M. G. Baillie. Copyright &#xA9; 1982. 81. Tree-Ring Dating and Archaeology. From which I got that 1 stddev = 50/sqrt(n). [Briffa92] &#x201C;Fennoscandian summers from AD 500&#x201D;. Temperature changes on short and long timescales. K. R. Briffa, P. D. Jones, T. S. Bartholin, D. Eckstein, F. H. Schweingruber, W. Karl&#xE9;n, P. Zetterberg, and M. Eronen. 111-119. Climate Dynamics. 7. Copyright &#xA9; 1992. [CLR] Introduction to Algorithms. Thomas H. Cormen, Charles E. Leierson, and Ronald L. Rivest. 0262032937. 768-771. [Cook81] &#x201C;The Smoothing Spline&#x201D;. A New Approach to Standardizing Forest Interior Tree-Ring Width Series
	      for Dendroclimatic Studies. Edward Cook and Kenneth Peters. Tree-Ring Bulletin. 41. Copyright &#xA9; 1981. [Cook90] E. R. Cook and L. A. Kairiukstis. Methods of Dendrochronology. Copyright &#xA9; 1990. 110-111. [DPL] Release notes to one version of Arizona's
	    Dendrochronology
	      Program Library [http://www.ltrr.arizona.edu/archive/dpl/DPL.html] (DPL). [Eckstein] ???. [Huber70] &#x201C;Dendrochronology in Europe&#x201D;. B. Huber and John Fletcher. 23. Dendrochronology. Copyright &#xA9; 1977. [ITRDB] The International Tree-Ring Data Bank (ITRDB). http://web.utk.edu/~grissino/itrdb.htm. [Pohl95] Mecki Pohl. "From my own beady head."
	               (His&#xA0;words.). Copyright &#xA9; 1995. [Reinsch67] C. H. Reinsch. &#x201C;Smoothing by Spline Functions&#x201D;. 177-183. Numerische Mathematik. 10. Copyright &#xA9; 1967. [TSAP] Reference manual for TSAP [http://www.frankrinn.com/Products/Tsap.htm]...???. [vanLoan] Introduction to Scientific Computing. A Matrix-Vector Approach Using MATLAB. Charles F. van Loan. 0139491570. [Wenk99] Carola Wenk. &#x201C;Applying
		an Edit Distance to the Matching of&#xA0;Tree Ring Sequences in Dendrochronology [http://www.inf.fu-berlin.de/inst/pubs/tr-b-99-01.abstract.html]&#x201D;. 223-242. Proceedings of the 10th Annual Symposium on Cobinatorial Pattern Matching. M. Crochemore and M. Paterson. Springer-Verlag. Berlin. Copyright &#xA9; 1999. Appendix&#xA0;B.&#xA0;Graphics File FormatsAppendix&#xA0;B.&#xA0;Graphics File FormatsAppendix&#xA0;B.&#xA0;Graphics File Formats
    - why i'm writing this:
    - there are lots of formats, everybody's confused, it applies to parts of corina
    
    read this if:
    - you're trying to decide whether to use "Export PNG..." or "Export SVG..." in corina
    Types of graphics filesTypes of graphics files
    - big 2: bitmap and vector formats
    -- examples: a png and an svg, at 1x, and scaled 10x
    WRITEME
    Bitmap File FormatsBitmap File Formats
    - like a big screen door
	- want to make it bigger?  you won't get any more detail.
    
    Examples of bitmap file formats are PNG, TIFF, and JPEG.
    
    -- examples: a tiff and a jpeg (?)
    Table&#xA0;B.1.&#xA0;Bitmap Graphics FiletypesFormatFilename ExtensionsNumber of ColorsTransparencyCompressionCommon UsesPNG.pngMillionsFullYesWeb graphics or icons; any non-photographic imagesTIFF.tiff or
                   .tifMillionsFullNoScanned (or digital) photos for manipulation,
                   where quality is criticalJPEG.jpeg or
                   .jpgMillionsNoneYes (lossy - use for photographs only)Photographs for the web, or other places where
                   size is importantGIF.gif256Limited (transparent/opaque only)YesOlder web graphicsAdobe Photoshop.psdMillionsFullNoUser-created images or photographsMicrosoft Windows Bitmap.bmp??NoneNoWindows screenshotsJPEG's compression deserves special mention.  It uses a special form
of compression which is excellent for photographs, or other images with
gradients or continuous tones.  The downside is that if you put an image
into JPEG format, and then look at it again, it won't be exactly the same
image (it's "lossy").  WRITEMEFor more information on JPEG, see
Photo.net's JPEG page [http://www.photo.net/learn/jpeg/],
or ... -- NOTE: have list of references for this appendix only?GIF is an older format.  Due to lack of features, and some
possible licensing issues, its use is declining.  There's no reason to
use it any longer.  Use PNG instead.The Photoshop format is similar to TIFF, in that it's an
uncompressed bitmap, but it also stores layers and other
Photoshop-specific features.  If you're working with an image in
Photoshop, you pretty much need to use this format, but you'll convert
it to a different format for publication, like JPEG or PNG; it's
proprietary, so most other programs will not be able to read
it.Another format you might see is "Windows Bitmap".  Windows
creates these (for example, when you take a screenshot), but that's
about all they're good for.  They offer no compression, no
transparency, and many programs (including many web browsers) can't
view them.  Avoid.
when to use bitmaps.  when not to use bitmaps.  (should this really be here?)

- how to deal with them: photoshop handles pretty much anything
Vector File FormatsVector File Formats
- like instructions on how to draw something on graph paper
Table&#xA0;B.2.&#xA0;Vector Graphics FiletypesFormatFilename ExtensionsCommon UsesSVG.svg,
                   .svgz (compressed)Standard interchange for vector graphics,
                   possibly replacing EPS; vector graphics on the webPostScript.ps,
                   .ps.gz (compressed)Printed documentsEncapsulated PostScript (EPS).epsFigures, graphs, or clip artPDF.pdfPrinted documentsIllustrator.aiDrawingsFlash.swfWeb graphics, especially with animation and soundYour screen has about 100 dots per inch (DPI).  Your printer is
maybe 300 or 600 DPI.  , but a vector image file can be scaled to that
level and it'll still look even smoother than it does on your screen.

WRITEME
- any of these let you "embed" a bitmap in a vector file
- if you put a bitmap in a vector file, it's still a bitmap.
- e.g., if you put a PNG in an illustrator file, it'll still be pixels.  it won't scale.

WRITEME: - how to deal with them: illustrator is decent
Graphics in Microsoft
    Office33This generally applies to any relatively
    modern office-like software, not just Microsoft Office.Graphics in Microsoft
    Office33This generally applies to any relatively
    modern office-like software, not just Microsoft Office.why: lots of people use office, despite its flaws.
    word and powerpoint, especially.  so even if you never use these
    programs yourself, chances are other people will, so you'll need
    to know what formats to generate/share files.
    bitmaps: newer versions should support png, tiff, gif, and jpeg.
    they might not support full transparency, but since paper is white it doesn't
    really matter.  just remember that if you put a bitmap in your word document or
    powerpoint presentation and it looks ok on the screen it might not look so
    smooth on paper or on a projection screen.
    
    vector: even newer versions might not support most (or any) of these
    formats, which is unfortunate.  if you're stuck with office, you may have no
    choice but to use a bitmap format, which won't look very good.Appendix&#xA0;C.&#xA0;Troubleshooting / Help!Appendix&#xA0;C.&#xA0;Troubleshooting / Help!Appendix&#xA0;C.&#xA0;Troubleshooting / Help!This section will consist of questions and answers.  If you get stuck,
  chances are somebody else has been stuck on the same problem.  (If
  this happens enough, maybe it's the sign of bad design.  Or maybe
  there's a good reason for it.)If you can't find the answer in the manual, two useful documents
  to read before asking for help are:&#x2022;
        How
        to Report Bugs Effectively [http://www.chiark.greenend.org.uk/~sgtatham/bugs.html], and
      &#x2022;
        How
        To Ask Questions The Smart Way [http://www.tuxedo.org/~esr/faqs/smart-questions.html]
      WRITEME: where to go for help: search the manual, look on the web page,
  check the mailing lists, ask on the mailing lists.WRITEME: general strategies (remove Corina Prefs folder, try it
  as a different user, download the latest version and try that, reboot, ...WRITEME: if you've found a bug, what to do.GraphicsGraphicsQ:.My graph is way off the top of the screen.  Why's it so
        big?A:.MiscellaneousMiscellaneousQ:.The menubar font is too small / big -- that's not a
        q!.A:.This is a bug in Sun's Java for Windows, versions 1.2 and 1.3.
        Corina has a workaround for it: under Preferences..., in
        the Advanced tab, you can set a new menubar
        font.Appendix&#xA0;D.&#xA0;GlossaryAppendix&#xA0;D.&#xA0;GlossaryAppendix&#xA0;D.&#xA0;GlossaryThis is a glossary of terms used by Corina.Glossarychronology...cleanto make a master look like a single sample by
	    removing its count, Weiserjahre, and
	    elementscountthe part of a sample that ...crossdating...D-score"Dating score".  A combination of
	    the T-score and trend.elementin a master, the list of samples that make it upindex...masteranother name for a sum, usually ...mean sensitivity...reconcilingWith two readings of one sample, comparing and
	    correcting (by re-measuring the actual piece, where
	    needed) to work out any inconsistencies.  After
	    reconciliation, all trends should match, and all readings
	    should be within 3%.redating...re-sumto re-compute a sum...sample...sum...SVGan open file format for vector graphics;
	"Scalable Vector Graphics"; similar in function to EPS
	("Embedded PostScript")T-score...trend...Weiserjahrethe incr/decr...a crossing algorithm ...Appendix&#xA0;E.&#xA0;FilesAppendix&#xA0;E.&#xA0;FilesAppendix&#xA0;E.&#xA0;FilesThis appendix lists all of the files used by Corina, where
  they live, and why they exist.Don't Read This SectionYou don't need to read this section unless you're interested
    in how Corina stores preferences, or want to move your preferences
    from one system to another.User PreferencesUser PreferencesCorina stores your preferences in your home
  directory.on Mac OS XYour home is usually
    /Users/joe (if your login is "joe").  To go
    to your home, switch to the
    Finder and choose
	Go-&gt;Home (shift-&#x2318;-H).
    on Windows 95/98/ME, "single user"Windows 95 doesn't normally have a concept of
    "home", so C:\WINDOWS\ is used as your
    home.on Windows 95/98/ME, "multiple users"If you have Windows set up in "multiple users"
    mode, your home is your "profile" directory, such as
    C:\WINDOWS\PROFILES\joe\ (if your login is
    "joe").on Windows NT/2000The Windows NT home is your "profile" folder,
    which is usually at C:\WINNT\PROFILES\joe\
    (if your login is "joe").on Unix/LinuxYour home directory is the directory where your
    shell starts out.  It's usually something like
    /home/joe (if your login is "joe").  If you're
    not sure, you can find out by typing echo ~.
    Still Not Sure Where Home Is?If you want to know where Corina thinks your home is,
  choose 
	Help-&gt;About Corina...
  (it's under the Corina menu on the Mac) and click System
  Info...; look for the property
  user.home in the left
  column.Corina stores your preferences is a file in your home called
"Corina Preferences".The first time you run Corina, it creates a default
preferences file for you.  If you ever get really stuck (e.g.,
Corina won't start, and you think your preferences file is to
blame), you can delete your preferences file; the next time you run
Corina, it will give you a new one.The preferences are stored in plain text (Unicode [http://www.unicode.org/], using Java Unicode
escapes (see the Properties
API [http://java.sun.com/j2se/1.3/docs/api/java/util/Properties.html] for a description).There is no site-wide preferences file for Corina.  If you
want all users at a particular site to have the same default
preferences, put it in /etc/skel, or the
equivalent on your system.Data FilesData FilesCorina usually assumes you have one folder for your data,
  and a bunch of folders in it for each site.
DATA
+-ABC
+-DEF
+-GHI
  +-GHI1.IND
  +-GHI2.IND
  +-GHI3.IND
At the top of your data folders you can
have a file called Site DB...In each folder you visit in Corina, a file called
".Corina_Cache" gets created.  (It stores a copy of the metadata for
all the files in that folder, but you don't need to know that.)  It's
automatically created and updated, and if it's not there Corina
creates a new one.  It's only there to make browsing faster.  If you
delete one of them, no harm is done; it'll just be a little slower the
next time you browse that folder.Appendix&#xA0;F.&#xA0;GNU Free Documentation LicenseAppendix&#xA0;F.&#xA0;GNU Free Documentation LicenseAppendix&#xA0;F.&#xA0;GNU Free Documentation LicenseVersion 1.2, November 2002Copyright (C) 2000,2001,2002  Free Software Foundation, Inc.
59 Temple Place, Suite 330, Boston, MA  02111-1307  USA
Everyone is permitted to copy and distribute verbatim copies
of this license document, but changing it is not allowed.PREAMBLEPREAMBLEThe purpose of this License is to make a manual, textbook, or
other functional and useful document "free" in the sense of freedom: to
assure everyone the effective freedom to copy and redistribute it, with
or without modifying it, either commercially or noncommercially.
Secondarily, this License preserves for the author and publisher a way
to get credit for their work, while not being considered responsible for
modifications made by others.This License is a kind of "copyleft", which means that derivative
works of the document must themselves be free in the same sense.  It
complements the GNU General Public License, which is a copyleft license
designed for free software.We have designed this License in order to use it for manuals for
free software, because free software needs free documentation: a free
program should come with manuals providing the same freedoms that the
software does.  But this License is not limited to software manuals; it
can be used for any textual work, regardless of subject matter or
whether it is published as a printed book.  We recommend this License
principally for works whose purpose is instruction or reference.APPLICABILITY AND DEFINITIONSAPPLICABILITY AND DEFINITIONSThis License applies to any manual or other work, in
any medium, that contains a notice placed by the copyright holder saying
it can be distributed under the terms of this License.  Such a notice
grants a world-wide, royalty-free license, unlimited in duration, to use
that work under the conditions stated herein.  The "Document", below,
refers to any such manual or work.  Any member of the public is a
licensee, and is addressed as "you".  You accept the license if you
copy, modify or distribute the work in a way requiring permission under
copyright law.A "Modified Version" of the Document means any
work containing the Document or a portion of it, either copied verbatim,
or with modifications and/or translated into another language.A "Secondary Section" is a named appendix or
a front-matter section of the Document that deals exclusively with the
relationship of the publishers or authors of the Document to the
Document's overall subject (or to related matters) and contains nothing
that could fall directly within that overall subject.  (Thus, if the
Document is in part a textbook of mathematics, a Secondary Section may
not explain any mathematics.)  The relationship could be a matter of
historical connection with the subject or with related matters, or of
legal, commercial, philosophical, ethical or political position
regarding them.The "Invariant Sections" are certain Secondary
Sections whose titles are designated, as being those of Invariant
Sections, in the notice that says that the Document is released under
this License.  If a section does not fit the above definition of
Secondary then it is not allowed to be designated as Invariant.  The
Document may contain zero Invariant Sections.  If the Document does not
identify any Invariant Sections then there are none.The "Cover Texts" are certain short passages of
text that are listed, as Front-Cover Texts or Back-Cover Texts, in the
notice that says that the Document is released under this License.  A
Front-Cover Text may be at most 5 words, and a Back-Cover Text may be at
most 25 words.A "Transparent" copy of the Document means a
machine-readable copy, represented in a format whose specification is
available to the general public, that is suitable for revising the
document straightforwardly with generic text editors or (for images
composed of pixels) generic paint programs or (for drawings) some widely
available drawing editor, and that is suitable for input to text
formatters or for automatic translation to a variety of formats suitable
for input to text formatters.  A copy made in an otherwise Transparent
file format whose markup, or absence of markup, has been arranged to
thwart or discourage subsequent modification by readers is not
Transparent.  An image format is not Transparent if used for any
substantial amount of text.  A copy that is not "Transparent" is called
"Opaque".Examples of suitable formats for Transparent copies include plain
ASCII without markup, Texinfo input format, LaTeX input format, SGML or
XML using a publicly available DTD, and standard-conforming simple HTML,
PostScript or PDF designed for human modification.  Examples of
transparent image formats include PNG, XCF and JPG.  Opaque formats
include proprietary formats that can be read and edited only by
proprietary word processors, SGML or XML for which the DTD and/or
processing tools are not generally available, and the machine-generated
HTML, PostScript or PDF produced by some word processors for output
purposes only.The "Title Page" means, for a printed book,
the title page itself, plus such following pages as are needed to hold,
legibly, the material this License requires to appear in the title page.
For works in formats which do not have any title page as such, "Title
Page" means the text near the most prominent appearance of the work's
title, preceding the beginning of the body of the text.A section "Entitled XYZ" means a named subunit
of the Document whose title either is precisely XYZ or contains XYZ in
parentheses following text that translates XYZ in another language.
(Here XYZ stands for a specific section name mentioned below, such as
"Acknowledgements", "Dedications", "Endorsements", or "History".)  To
"Preserve the Title" of such a section when you modify the Document
means that it remains a section "Entitled XYZ" according to this
definition.The Document may include Warranty Disclaimers next to the notice
which states that this License applies to the Document.  These Warranty
Disclaimers are considered to be included by reference in this License,
but only as regards disclaiming warranties: any other implication that
these Warranty Disclaimers may have is void and has no effect on the
meaning of this License.VERBATIM COPYINGVERBATIM COPYINGYou may copy and distribute the Document in any medium, either
commercially or noncommercially, provided that this License, the
copyright notices, and the license notice saying this License applies to
the Document are reproduced in all copies, and that you add no other
conditions whatsoever to those of this License.  You may not use
technical measures to obstruct or control the reading or further copying
of the copies you make or distribute.  However, you may accept
compensation in exchange for copies.  If you distribute a large enough
number of copies you must also follow the conditions in section 3.
You may also lend copies, under the same conditions stated above,
and you may publicly display copies.COPYING IN QUANTITYCOPYING IN QUANTITYIf you publish printed copies (or copies in media that commonly
have printed covers) of the Document, numbering more than 100, and the
Document's license notice requires Cover Texts, you must enclose the
copies in covers that carry, clearly and legibly, all these Cover Texts:
Front-Cover Texts on the front cover, and Back-Cover Texts on the back
cover.  Both covers must also clearly and legibly identify you as the
publisher of these copies.  The front cover must present the full title
with all words of the title equally prominent and visible.  You may add
other material on the covers in addition.  Copying with changes limited
to the covers, as long as they preserve the title of the Document and
satisfy these conditions, can be treated as verbatim copying in other
respects.If the required texts for either cover are too voluminous to fit
legibly, you should put the first ones listed (as many as fit
reasonably) on the actual cover, and continue the rest onto adjacent
pages.If you publish or distribute Opaque copies of the Document
numbering more than 100, you must either include a machine-readable
Transparent copy along with each Opaque copy, or state in or with each
Opaque copy a computer-network location from which the general
network-using public has access to download using public-standard
network protocols a complete Transparent copy of the Document, free of
added material.  If you use the latter option, you must take reasonably
prudent steps, when you begin distribution of Opaque copies in quantity,
to ensure that this Transparent copy will remain thus accessible at the
stated location until at least one year after the last time you
distribute an Opaque copy (directly or through your agents or retailers)
of that edition to the public.It is requested, but not required, that you contact the authors of
the Document well before redistributing any large number of copies, to
give them a chance to provide you with an updated version of the
Document.MODIFICATIONSMODIFICATIONSYou may copy and distribute a Modified Version of the Document
under the conditions of sections 2 and 3 above, provided that you
release the Modified Version under precisely this License, with the
Modified Version filling the role of the Document, thus licensing
distribution and modification of the Modified Version to whoever
possesses a copy of it.  In addition, you must do these things in the
Modified Version:A.Use in the Title Page (and on the covers, if any) a
  title distinct from that of the Document, and from those of previous
  versions (which should, if there were any, be listed in the History
  section of the Document).  You may use the same title as a previous
  version if the original publisher of that version gives permission.
B.List on the Title Page, as authors, one or more
  persons or entities responsible for authorship of the modifications in
  the Modified Version, together with at least five of the principal
  authors of the Document (all of its principal authors, if it has fewer
  than five), unless they release you from this requirement.
C.State on the Title page the name of the publisher of
  the Modified Version, as the publisher.D.Preserve all the copyright notices of the Document.
E.Add an appropriate copyright notice for your
  modifications adjacent to the other copyright notices.
F.Include, immediately after the copyright notices, a
  license notice giving the public permission to use the Modified
  Version under the terms of this License, in the form shown in the
  Addendum below.
G.Preserve in that license notice the full lists of
  Invariant Sections and required Cover Texts given in the Document's
  license notice.H.Include an unaltered copy of this License.
I.Preserve the section Entitled "History", Preserve its
  Title, and add to it an item stating at least the title, year, new
  authors, and publisher of the Modified Version as given on the Title
  Page.  If there is no section Entitled "History" in the Document,
  create one stating the title, year, authors, and publisher of the
  Document as given on its Title Page, then add an item describing the
  Modified Version as stated in the previous sentence.
J.Preserve the network location, if any, given in the
  Document for public access to a Transparent copy of the Document, and
  likewise the network locations given in the Document for previous
  versions it was based on.  These may be placed in the "History"
  section.  You may omit a network location for a work that was
  published at least four years before the Document itself, or if the
  original publisher of the version it refers to gives permission.
K.For any section Entitled "Acknowledgements" or
  "Dedications", Preserve the Title of the section, and preserve in the
  section all the substance and tone of each of the contributor
  acknowledgements and/or dedications given therein.
L.Preserve all the Invariant Sections of the Document,
  unaltered in their text and in their titles.  Section numbers or the
  equivalent are not considered part of the section titles.
M.Delete any section Entitled "Endorsements".
  Such a section may not be included in the Modified Version.
N.Do not retitle any existing section to be Entitled
  "Endorsements" or to conflict in title with any Invariant Section.
O.Preserve any Warranty Disclaimers.
If the Modified Version includes new front-matter sections or
appendices that qualify as Secondary Sections and contain no material
copied from the Document, you may at your option designate some or all
of these sections as invariant.  To do this, add their titles to the
list of Invariant Sections in the Modified Version's license notice.
These titles must be distinct from any other section titles.You may add a section Entitled "Endorsements", provided it
contains nothing but endorsements of your Modified Version by various
parties--for example, statements of peer review or that the text has
been approved by an organization as the authoritative definition of a
standard.You may add a passage of up to five words as a Front-Cover Text,
and a passage of up to 25 words as a Back-Cover Text, to the end of the
list of Cover Texts in the Modified Version.  Only one passage of
Front-Cover Text and one of Back-Cover Text may be added by (or through
arrangements made by) any one entity.  If the Document already includes
a cover text for the same cover, previously added by you or by
arrangement made by the same entity you are acting on behalf of, you may
not add another; but you may replace the old one, on explicit permission
from the previous publisher that added the old one.The author(s) and publisher(s) of the Document do not by this
License give permission to use their names for publicity for or to
assert or imply endorsement of any Modified Version.COMBINING DOCUMENTSCOMBINING DOCUMENTSYou may combine the Document with other documents released under
this License, under the terms defined in section
4 above for modified versions, provided that you include in the
combination all of the Invariant Sections of all of the original
documents, unmodified, and list them all as Invariant Sections of your
combined work in its license notice, and that you preserve all their
Warranty Disclaimers.The combined work need only contain one copy of this License, and
multiple identical Invariant Sections may be replaced with a single
copy.  If there are multiple Invariant Sections with the same name but
different contents, make the title of each such section unique by adding
at the end of it, in parentheses, the name of the original author or
publisher of that section if known, or else a unique number.  Make the
same adjustment to the section titles in the list of Invariant Sections
in the license notice of the combined work.In the combination, you must combine any sections Entitled
"History" in the various original documents, forming one section
Entitled "History"; likewise combine any sections Entitled
"Acknowledgements", and any sections Entitled "Dedications".  You must
delete all sections Entitled "Endorsements".COLLECTIONS OF DOCUMENTSCOLLECTIONS OF DOCUMENTSYou may make a collection consisting of the Document and other
documents released under this License, and replace the individual copies
of this License in the various documents with a single copy that is
included in the collection, provided that you follow the rules of this
License for verbatim copying of each of the documents in all other
respects.You may extract a single document from such a collection, and
distribute it individually under this License, provided you insert a
copy of this License into the extracted document, and follow this
License in all other respects regarding verbatim copying of that
document.AGGREGATION WITH INDEPENDENT WORKSAGGREGATION WITH INDEPENDENT WORKSA compilation of the Document or its derivatives with other
separate and independent documents or works, in or on a volume of a
storage or distribution medium, is called an "aggregate" if the
copyright resulting from the compilation is not used to limit the legal
rights of the compilation's users beyond what the individual works
permit.  When the Document is included an aggregate, this License does
not apply to the other works in the aggregate which are not themselves
derivative works of the Document.If the Cover Text requirement of section 3 is applicable to these
copies of the Document, then if the Document is less than one half of
the entire aggregate, the Document's Cover Texts may be placed on covers
that bracket the Document within the aggregate, or the electronic
equivalent of covers if the Document is in electronic form.  Otherwise
they must appear on printed covers that bracket the whole
aggregate.TRANSLATIONTRANSLATIONTranslation is considered a kind of modification, so you may
distribute translations of the Document under the terms of section 4.
Replacing Invariant Sections with translations requires special
permission from their copyright holders, but you may include
translations of some or all Invariant Sections in addition to the
original versions of these Invariant Sections.  You may include a
translation of this License, and all the license notices in the
Document, and any Warrany Disclaimers, provided that you also include
the original English version of this License and the original versions
of those notices and disclaimers.  In case of a disagreement between the
translation and the original version of this License or a notice or
disclaimer, the original version will prevail.If a section in the Document is Entitled "Acknowledgements",
"Dedications", or "History", the requirement (section 4) to Preserve its
Title (section 1) will typically require changing the actual
title.TERMINATIONTERMINATIONYou may not copy, modify, sublicense, or distribute the Document
except as expressly provided for under this License.  Any other attempt
to copy, modify, sublicense or distribute the Document is void, and will
automatically terminate your rights under this License.  However,
parties who have received copies, or rights, from you under this License
will not have their licenses terminated so long as such parties remain
in full compliance.FUTURE REVISIONS OF THIS LICENSEFUTURE REVISIONS OF THIS LICENSEThe Free Software Foundation may publish new, revised versions of
the GNU Free Documentation License from time to time.  Such new versions
will be similar in spirit to the present version, but may differ in
detail to address new problems or concerns.  See
http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/.Each version of the License is given a distinguishing version
number.  If the Document specifies that a particular numbered version of
this License "or any later version" applies to it, you have the option
of following the terms and conditions either of that specified version
or of any later version that has been published (not as a draft) by the
Free Software Foundation.  If the Document does not specify a version
number of this License, you may choose any version ever published (not
as a draft) by the Free Software Foundation.ADDENDUM: How to use this License for
  your documentsADDENDUM: How to use this License for
  your documentsTo use this License in a document you have written, include a copy
of the License in the document and put the following copyright and
license notices just after the title page:
    Copyright (c)  YEAR  YOUR NAME.
    Permission is granted to copy, distribute and/or modify this document
    under the terms of the GNU Free Documentation License, Version 1.2
    or any later version published by the Free Software Foundation;
    with no Invariant Sections, no Front-Cover Texts, and no Back-Cover Texts.
    A copy of the license is included in the section entitled "GNU
    Free Documentation License".
If you have Invariant Sections, Front-Cover Texts and Back-Cover
Texts, replace the "with...Texts." line with this:
    with the Invariant Sections being LIST THEIR TITLES, with the
    Front-Cover Texts being LIST, and with the Back-Cover Texts being LIST.
If you have Invariant Sections without Cover Texts, or some other
combination of the three, merge those two alternatives to suit the
situation.If your document contains nontrivial examples of program code, we
recommend releasing these examples in parallel under your choice of free
software license, such as the GNU General Public License, to permit
their use in free software.Appendix&#xA0;G.&#xA0;IndexAppendix&#xA0;G.&#xA0;IndexAppendix&#xA0;G.&#xA0;IndexAn index of terms used in this manual.IndexSymbols*, /, [ ], &#x3C1;, , correlation coefficient, &#x3C7;&#xB2;, chi squared, HHeidelberg, file format, Hohenheim, file format, OOffice (see Microsoft Office)TTSAP, file format, Tucson, , , , , , file format, index method and, origin of ID numbers, packed, punchcards at, use of ID numbers, tables, thick line, at the end of a graph, two-column, WWeiserjahre, definition, Word (see Microsoft Office)Aauthor, CCorina, file format, cleaning, correlation coefficient, crossdating, , , , , Weiserjahre, d-score, grids (see grids)t-score, trend, Ddata, definition, decadal format (see Tucson)EExcel,  (see Microsoft Office)exporting to, editing, why can't I?, elements, definition, exporting, , to Excel, to other dendro programs, Ffile format, , , , , , , , Corina, Heidelberg, Hohenheim, Ranges-Only, TSAP, Tucson, spreadsheet, two-column, Ggraphs, scaling, grids, , printing, Iindexing, , , how to, many samples at once, method used, MMicrosoft Excel (see Microsoft Office)Microsoft Office, Microsoft Powerpoint (see Microsoft Office)Microsoft Word (see Microsoft Office)mean sensitivity, metadata, definition, PPowerPoint (see Microsoft Office)packed Tucson (see Tucson)Qquality, Rrange, , , changing, definition, file format, ranges-only (file format), re-summing, reconciling, Ssample, definition, sapwood, , on metadata tab, representation on graphs, scaling graphs, spreadsheet, file format, 
